
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.108796                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                108796305804                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               621405508692                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 299445                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   383260                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1942152                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67759056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56018.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16774422342                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21469640205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4292352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1479680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1078144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1479808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2284032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2301184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2271232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1483264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1078016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4300416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1482240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2272896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2270208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3681536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1078016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2275584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             35188224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9909504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9909504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        33534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        11560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         8423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        11561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        17844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        17978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        17744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        11588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        33597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        11580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        17757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        17736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        28762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         8422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        17778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                274908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           77418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                77418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39453104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13600462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9909748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13601638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20993654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21151306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20876003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13633404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9908572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        51766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39527224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13623992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20891298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20866591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     33838796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data      9908572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        42354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20916004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               323432158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44707                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        51766                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        42354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             731790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          91083093                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               91083093                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          91083093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        52943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39453104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        49413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13600462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        44707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9909748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        49413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13601638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        42354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20993654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        42354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21151306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        42354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20876003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        48237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13633404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        43531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9908572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        51766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39527224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        49413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13623992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20891298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        41178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20866591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     33838796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        43531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data      9908572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        42354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20916004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              414515251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17567714                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15851937                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       925227                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6621108                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6295581                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         971661                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41182                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186575863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110387340                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17567714                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7267242                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21843512                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2901627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     26083850                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10706182                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       928571                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    236456467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214612955     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         780945      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1594645      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         679738      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3630389      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3242202      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         631898      0.27%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1306219      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9977476      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    236456467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.067334                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.423098                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184665390                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     28006148                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21762643                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        69537                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1952743                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1541518                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129433970                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2728                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1952743                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      184910352                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles      26033987                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1128685                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21614858                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       815836                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129362133                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          732                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       416375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       266308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12291                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151874500                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    609252524                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    609252524                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17151640                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15445                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1881774                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30537688                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15442962                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140353                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       745384                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129117697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15488                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124147484                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71606                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9937094                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23762083                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          508                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236456467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191846515     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13646755      5.77%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11027518      4.66%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4743155      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5936874      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5636290      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3206173      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       255252      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       157935      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236456467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313065     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2387100     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69779      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77880319     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1082103      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29773062     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15404568     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124147484                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.475839                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2769944                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022312                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487592985                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139073497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123089179                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126917428                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223933                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1189651                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          473                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3222                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97625                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10954                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1952743                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles      25406355                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       240924                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129133270                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30537688                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15442962                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8009                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       149336                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          140                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3222                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       541991                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542185                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1084176                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123283515                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29676915                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       863969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45079697                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16154904                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15402782                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.472527                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123092425                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123089179                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66501095                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       131274555                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.471782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506580                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11630877                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14980                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       945580                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234503724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191717729     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15748397      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7337799      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7210590      3.07%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1992819      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8256206      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627322      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458530      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1154332      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234503724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518719                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1154332                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          362496339                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260247421                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4011147                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              24445946                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.609024                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.609024                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.383285                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.383285                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609506471                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142941236                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154140500                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20188083                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16517166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1969366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8304897                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7944449                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2086364                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89699                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194372126                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            112929975                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20188083                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10030813                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23564135                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5375732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     10557990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11890290                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1971197                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    231874959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      208310824     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1094506      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1740285      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2363846      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2428518      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2056851      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1159923      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1715311      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11004895      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    231874959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077378                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432844                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      192374838                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     12572304                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23520638                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        26838                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3380338                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3324353                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    138564270                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1941                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3380338                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      192900003                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1761818                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      9586967                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23028333                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1217497                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    138516994                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       179137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       523213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    193271850                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    644416341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    644416341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    167609204                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       25662642                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        34329                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17851                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         3597933                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12956467                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7028479                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82564                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1724515                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        138358968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       131398118                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18024                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15284195                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36603867                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1223                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231874959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176240895     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22907647      9.88%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11583162      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8726197      3.76%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6863356      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2783546      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1738000      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       910846      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121310      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231874959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25482     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80264     36.86%     48.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112029     51.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110509449     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1964250      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16474      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11901415      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7006530      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    131398118                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.503629                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217775                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494906994                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153678156                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129442427                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    131615893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268324                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2068199                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101793                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3380338                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1468146                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118756                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138393560                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11566                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12956467                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7028479                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17855                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100195                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1144645                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1107721                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2252366                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129599217                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11200275                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1798901                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18206537                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18413245                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7006262                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.496734                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            129442640                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           129442427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        74301035                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       200212667                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.496133                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371111                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97705127                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    120224554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18169015                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33230                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1994290                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228494621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179138943     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24479331     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9231385      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4405599      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3731021      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2129967      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1846528      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       842207      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2689640      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228494621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     97705127                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    120224554                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             17814951                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10888268                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17336427                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       108320936                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2475639                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2689640                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          364197874                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         280167538                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2943128                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              29027454                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          97705127                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           120224554                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     97705127                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.670304                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.670304                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.374489                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.374489                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      583295813                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     180305228                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     128463374                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        33200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       22641635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18852496                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2057522                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8607155                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8278715                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2437456                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95599                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197042482                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            124223603                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          22641635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10716171                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25892110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5724152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     17768757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12234968                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1967155                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    244353086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      218460976     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1587011      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1997994      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3188544      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1341312      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1715953      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2003503      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         916090      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13141703      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    244353086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086782                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.476131                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      195884254                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     19040037                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25769303                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        12042                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3647442                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3445390                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          553                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    151841201                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3647442                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      196082148                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        631618                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     17855191                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        25583450                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       553230                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    150908442                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        79643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       386022                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    210781695                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    701775684                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    701775684                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    176438130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       34343549                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        36472                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18974                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1940006                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     14123174                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7389411                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82639                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1679796                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        147338726                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36608                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       141385062                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17820920                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36233804                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1312                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244353086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184439630     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27331242     11.19%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11170639      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6262285      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8477710      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2613989      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2567132      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1381562      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108897      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244353086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        974150     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132010     10.71%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125991     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119110534     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1933105      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17497      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12956831      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7367095      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    141385062                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.541908                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1232151                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008715                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528496437                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165196931                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137706982                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    142617213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104641                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2655984                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          680                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102533                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3647442                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        480421                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147375340                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14123174                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7389411                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52798                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          680                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1220621                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155107                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2375728                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138924030                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12745214                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2461027                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           20111633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19646225                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7366419                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.532475                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            137707451                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           137706982                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        82503771                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       221627138                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527810                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372264                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102647765                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    126485244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20890627                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35296                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2075115                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240705644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187167068     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27133105     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9853022      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4908261      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4489528      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1884624      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1865743      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       888722      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2515571      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240705644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    102647765                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    126485244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18754063                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11467185                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17608                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         18333374                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       113878165                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2611885                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2515571                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          385565229                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         298399213                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2986533                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              16549327                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         102647765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           126485244                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    102647765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.541725                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.541725                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393434                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393434                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      625107740                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     192428548                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     140437728                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        35266                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20197786                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16525529                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1970146                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8319427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7949646                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2086123                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89805                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194466116                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            112979442                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20197786                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10035769                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23575332                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5379073                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     10554680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11895490                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1972081                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    231980117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      208404785     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1094775      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1743249      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2363494      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2429948      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2057997      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1159362      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1715653      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11010854      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    231980117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077415                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.433033                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      192466783                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     12571714                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23531673                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        27048                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3382896                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3325521                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    138627090                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1957                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3382896                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      192993640                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1753450                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      9593573                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23038053                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1218502                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    138579018                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       179341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       523641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    193349079                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    644711747                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    644711747                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    167656446                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       25692629                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        34343                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17860                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3600592                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     12964712                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7030392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82573                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1678540                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        138418686                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       131442344                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15311175                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36680533                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1229                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231980117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176360833     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22875893      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11572572      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8741028      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6874001      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2785749      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737879      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911096      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121066      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231980117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25392     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80311     36.88%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112053     51.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110548036     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1964691      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16479      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11904426      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7008712      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    131442344                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503799                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217756                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495100561                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153764864                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129486021                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    131660100                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       267005                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2073331                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          537                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101736                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3382896                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1459838                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118630                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138453293                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        20228                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12964712                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7030392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99961                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          537                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1145696                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108126                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2253822                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129642501                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11202843                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1799843                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18211287                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18419011                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7008444                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496900                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            129486241                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           129486021                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        74323306                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       200290725                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.496301                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371077                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97732714                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    120258582                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18194725                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33239                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1995072                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228597221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179255869     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24460157     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9235389      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4406603      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3714279      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2129474      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1858955      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       842338      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2694157      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228597221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     97732714                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    120258582                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17820037                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10891381                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16582                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17341363                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       108351588                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2476347                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2694157                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          364355695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         280289563                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2944344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              28922296                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          97732714                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           120258582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     97732714                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.669550                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.669550                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374595                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374595                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      583490418                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     180361304                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     128517184                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        33210                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              260899905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19193081                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15740707                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1880404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7888443                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7493239                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1969194                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        83831                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183293914                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            109130530                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19193081                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9462433                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24000963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5346649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     17185260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11292543                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1869588                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    227913993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      203913030     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2602024      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3011585      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1653732      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1900025      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1046100      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         718077      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1855590      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11213830      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    227913993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073565                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.418285                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      181792878                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     18714607                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23800303                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       189957                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3416245                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3113962                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17613                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    133208344                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        87572                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3416245                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      182084414                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       5842053                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     12056509                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23707156                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       807613                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    133128302                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       204850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       374764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           63                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    185012747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    619845711                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    619845711                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    157986033                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27026657                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        34897                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19481                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2167955                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12708255                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6922424                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       182850                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1536599                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        132915520                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34953                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       125607259                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       175438                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16602160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38431565                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3926                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227913993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174986072     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21292576      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11434913      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7916749      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6922325      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3538142      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       859678      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       551772      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411766      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227913993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32340     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       115373     42.79%     54.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121944     45.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105136870     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1964881      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15384      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11617532      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6872592      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    125607259                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.481439                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            269657                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479573606                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149553827                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123519556                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    125876916                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316675                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2239920                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          754                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1196                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       149066                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7693                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3120                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3416245                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5397003                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136247                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132950588                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12708255                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6922424                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19454                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95385                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1196                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090793                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1054948                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2145741                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123756014                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10910296                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1851245                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 115                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           17781212                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17313870                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6870916                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474343                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            123521400                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           123519556                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        73412990                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       192280204                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473437                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381802                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92774648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    113822301                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19129450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1891312                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224497748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177997643     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21562835      9.60%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9037504      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5432135      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3757934      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2430196      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1258825      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1013021      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2007655      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224497748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     92774648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    113822301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             17241651                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10468318                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16289575                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       102615643                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2315678                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2007655                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          355441220                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         269319897                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2807208                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              32985912                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          92774648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           113822301                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     92774648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.812190                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.812190                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.355595                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.355595                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      558251450                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     171433662                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     124326790                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        30998                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19197710                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15743549                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1876157                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7905295                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7495434                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1969544                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84466                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183155039                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            109144898                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19197710                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9464978                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23997368                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5341115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     16874601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11283113                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1865569                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    227459060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      203461692     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2599226      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3009934      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1653316      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1899529      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1047700      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         716318      0.31%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1860563      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11210782      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    227459060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073582                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.418336                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      181659050                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     18398653                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23798321                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       188556                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3414477                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3116036                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        17575                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    133208916                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        87094                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3414477                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      181949112                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6218735                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     11366150                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23704708                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       805875                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    133127627                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       207266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       372318                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    185002479                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    619818597                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    619818597                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    157941277                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       27061194                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        34781                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19366                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2160593                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12702205                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6923778                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       181972                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1538105                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        132911113                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34833                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       125588221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       177105                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16636424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38477825                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3814                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227459060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174544204     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21281039      9.36%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11431678      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7920667      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6921260      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3539398      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       857212      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       552293      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411309      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227459060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32826     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       114568     42.55%     54.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121842     45.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105118476     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965308      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15380      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11615467      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6873590      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    125588221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.481361                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            269236                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002144                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479081843                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149583572                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123505525                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    125857457                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316968                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2236854                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          812                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1206                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       152342                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7692                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3816                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3414477                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5755588                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       139385                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132946064                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        66062                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12702205                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6923778                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19340                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98192                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1206                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1088557                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1053129                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2141686                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123741456                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10909436                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1846765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           17781419                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17312553                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6871983                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.474283                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            123507484                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           123505525                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        73403434                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       192235921                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.473378                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381840                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92748405                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    113790068                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19157296                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31019                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1886926                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224044583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177556576     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21556894      9.62%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9033997      4.03%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5434722      2.43%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3755516      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2429701      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1256797      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1013377      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2007003      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224044583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     92748405                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    113790068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17236787                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10465351                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16284951                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       102586566                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2315011                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2007003                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          354984320                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         269309269                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2802821                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              33443353                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          92748405                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           113790068                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     92748405                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.813012                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.813012                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.355491                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.355491                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      558183101                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     171403237                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     124342657                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        30990                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       17877233                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15963428                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1424886                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11986404                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11678697                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1073652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43063                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188961646                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            101522355                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          17877233                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     12752349                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            22642361                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       4671711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      7738967                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11433060                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1398362                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    222581862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      199939501     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3452802      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1742170      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3418491      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1095436      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3164805      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         498521      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         804023      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        8466113      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    222581862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068521                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.389120                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      187114044                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9629931                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        22597491                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        18272                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3222120                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1687056                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        16726                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    113566193                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        31802                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3222120                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      187323716                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       6336891                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2631422                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22391741                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       675968                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    113398776                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        88673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       520309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    148611712                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    513939342                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    513939342                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    120560667                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       28051019                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        15224                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7705                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1546631                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     20466681                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3320688                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20643                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       754429                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        112816620                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15278                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       105660686                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68146                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20327839                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41616198                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222581862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176247370     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14581842      6.55%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15538197      6.98%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8974362      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4641783      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1162670      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1377120      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31982      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26536      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222581862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176481     57.07%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73024     23.61%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59747     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     82850296     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       827993      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7520      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18682747     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3292130      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    105660686                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.404982                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309252                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    434280632                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133159993                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102980259                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    105969938                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82431                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4173760                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          265                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3222120                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       5552221                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82053                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    112831979                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14905                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20466681                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3320688                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7703                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38290                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2185                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          265                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       963390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       546392                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1509782                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104322243                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18414208                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1338443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21706168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       15860735                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3291960                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.399852                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            103004388                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           102980259                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        62317011                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       135714231                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.394708                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.459178                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82038252                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     92361277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20475299                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1415935                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219359742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    184971796     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13512521      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8675869      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2735036      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4532638      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       886427      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       560536      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       513345      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2971574      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219359742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     82038252                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     92361277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             19537135                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            16292914                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              7566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         14170671                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        80716564                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1155032                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2971574                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          329224445                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         228897842                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4220434                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              38320551                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          82038252                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            92361277                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     82038252                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.180253                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.180253                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314440                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314440                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      484926813                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     134175392                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     120622171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        15150                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20224977                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16546779                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1971228                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8327272                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7959504                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2090517                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89938                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194704472                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            113129330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20224977                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10050021                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23605615                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5380528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     10473100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11909703                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1972948                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    232167465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      208561850     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1094993      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1742873      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2368862      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2433080      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2062191      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1161197      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1718212      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11024207      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    232167465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077519                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.433608                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      192701359                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     12493996                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23562233                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        26651                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3383223                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3330950                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    138811322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1948                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3383223                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      193226556                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1752440                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      9516010                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23069888                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1219345                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    138765364                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       179796                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       523979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    193616031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    645572461                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    645572461                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    167917919                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       25698101                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        34381                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17875                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3599335                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     12980213                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7041592                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83033                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1674359                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        138608813                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34505                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       131642730                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18060                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15304578                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36640876                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1215                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232167465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176468155     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22907210      9.87%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11588211      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8754020      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6883691      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2791753      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1739932      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       912027      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       122466      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232167465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25444     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80435     36.83%     48.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112502     51.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110716001     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1967411      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16504      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11923101      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7019713      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    131642730                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.504567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            218381                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495689366                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153948438                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129683328                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    131861111                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268162                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2071890                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          545                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102170                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3383223                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1457227                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119104                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138643456                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7705                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12980213                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7041592                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17877                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100432                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          545                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1146009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108707                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2254716                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129839952                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11220429                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1802778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18239875                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18448568                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7019446                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.497657                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            129683547                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           129683328                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        74438991                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       200584865                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.497057                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97885135                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    120446065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18197397                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33290                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1996196                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228784242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179366362     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24496230     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9249664      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4416804      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3719502      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2132521      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1861373      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       843044      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2698742      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228784242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     97885135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    120446065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             17847736                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10908314                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16608                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17368378                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       108520520                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2480205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2698742                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          364728286                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         280670208                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2947724                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              28734948                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          97885135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           120446065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     97885135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.665394                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.665394                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.375179                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.375179                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      584374710                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     180638091                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     128691585                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        33260                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       22646049                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18856111                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2057757                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8627193                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8285056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2436895                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95389                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196991148                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            124221352                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          22646049                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10721951                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            25894774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5731113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     17782309                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12233527                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1967348                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    244324727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      218429953     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1587051      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2003274      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3188554      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1333822      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1716633      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2002459      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         917270      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       13145711      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    244324727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086799                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476122                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      195834312                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     19052335                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        25771841                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        12039                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3654192                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3446354                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          555                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    151858609                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2654                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3654192                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      196032115                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        631558                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     17867741                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        25585991                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       553123                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    150924200                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        79337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       386490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    210790570                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    701845703                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    701845703                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    176384986                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       34405583                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        36395                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18902                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1942317                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     14137997                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7389265                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82802                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1676227                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        147361442                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36529                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       141372632                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143281                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17878828                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36403762                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1245                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244324727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184426330     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27315220     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11172023      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6260161      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8478490      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2614148      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2569000      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1380657      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108698      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244324727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        975065     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133217     10.79%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125985     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119101575     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1932633      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17492      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12953793      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7367139      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    141372632                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541860                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1234267                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008731                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528447539                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165277473                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137693750                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    142606899                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104838                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2674235                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          677                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3654192                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        480320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60453                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147397977                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14137997                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7389265                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18903                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52637                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          677                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1219182                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1157735                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2376917                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138911258                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12741866                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2461374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           20108299                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19644657                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7366433                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.532426                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            137694254                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           137693750                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        82502015                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       221645314                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527760                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102616840                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    126447222                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20951295                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2075327                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240670534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187151228     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27124299     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9847050      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4906391      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4488517      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1882735      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1866171      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       888263      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2515880      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240670534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    102616840                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    126447222                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18748480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11463762                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18327883                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       113843935                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2611110                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2515880                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          385552456                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         298451266                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2988261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              16577686                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         102616840                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           126447222                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    102616840                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.542491                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.542491                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393315                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393315                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      625036954                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     192404490                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     140432523                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        35254                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       17589336                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15873225                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       921118                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6503874                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6291466                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         966752                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40486                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186451246                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            110515520                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          17589336                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      7258218                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            21866148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       2916506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     26418227                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10697321                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       924459                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    236708077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      214841929     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         779783      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1601584      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         682405      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        3629291      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3232566      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         621665      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1307719      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10011135      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    236708077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067417                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.423589                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      184523461                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     28357892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        21784903                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        69849                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      1971966                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1542293                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          491                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    129620904                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2751                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      1971966                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      184771052                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles      26388809                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1130027                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        21636683                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       809534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    129546394                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       413803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       268056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5907                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    152072330                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    610072248                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    610072248                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    134746687                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       17325524                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        15407                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1887399                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     30560559                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     15452659                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140166                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       748999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        129291343                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15452                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       124206745                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        79572                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10128389                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24420027                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          468                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236708077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192109322     81.16%     81.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13612733      5.75%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11020707      4.66%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4755329      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5954649      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5637148      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3203354      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256529      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158306      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236708077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313011     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2387981     86.19%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69669      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77918367     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084721      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7434      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29789414     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15406809     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    124206745                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.476066                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2770661                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487971800                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139438369                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123134778                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    126977406                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       222836                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1210131                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          473                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3192                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105957                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10951                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      1971966                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles      25757787                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       242691                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129306874                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30560559                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15452659                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7971                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       150333                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           87                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3192                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       536071                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       546171                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1082242                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123340728                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29685051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       866017                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           45090348                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16157604                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         15405297                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.472747                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            123138059                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           123134778                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        66521138                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       131342562                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.471957                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506471                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100014899                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    117534340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11786648                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14984                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       941240                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234736111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191948752     81.77%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15748589      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7334603      3.12%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7212832      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1995085      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8251341      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       629752      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458764      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1156393      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234736111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    100014899                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    117534340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             44697115                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            29350413                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              7480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15521246                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       104516169                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1138510                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1156393                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          362900407                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         260614278                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4002614                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              24194336                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         100014899                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           117534340                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    100014899                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.608635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.608635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.383342                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.383342                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      609695412                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     142987528                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     154267443                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        14962                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20207719                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16533948                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1972264                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8358916                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7954246                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2088037                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89813                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194624980                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            113016734                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20207719                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10042283                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23585473                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5378498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     10485160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles          671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11904683                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1973896                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    232076852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      208491379     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1094372      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1742443      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2366387      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2433268      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2058960      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1157988      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1717970      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11014085      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    232076852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077453                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.433176                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      192622897                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     12504940                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23542155                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        26669                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3380188                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3326741                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          370                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    138685766                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1925                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3380188                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      193148397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1768875                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      9511097                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23049376                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1218916                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    138638576                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       179274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       523885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    193440472                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    644971363                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    644971363                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    167795217                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25645255                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        34411                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17916                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3601818                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12975927                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7033977                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82873                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1681026                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        138482373                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34533                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       131538416                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18004                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15268206                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36520814                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1267                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232076852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176415867     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22892311      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11584947      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8746033      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6878655      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2785344      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1740235      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       912318      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121142      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232076852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25241     11.59%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80345     36.90%     48.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112142     51.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110630252     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1964414      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16492      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11915155      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7012103      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    131538416                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.504167                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217728                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495389416                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153785644                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129577206                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    131756144                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268428                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2075550                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          534                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99592                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3380188                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1474418                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118865                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138517045                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8575                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12975927                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7033977                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17919                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100201                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          534                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1147038                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108904                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2255942                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129733274                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11212279                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1805142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18224112                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18433254                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7011833                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.497248                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            129577416                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           129577206                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        74376111                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       200426651                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.496650                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371089                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97813660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    120358164                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18158898                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33266                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1997214                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228696664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179315224     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24478472     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9244419      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4410160      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3717013      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2131063      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1861510      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       842477      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2696326      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228696664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     97813660                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    120358164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             17834762                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10900377                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             16596                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17355708                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       108441326                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2478401                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2696326                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          364516724                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         280414366                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2946640                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              28825561                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          97813660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           120358164                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     97813660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.667341                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.667341                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374905                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374905                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      583901294                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     180494617                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     128565613                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        33236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       17879326                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15966613                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1426092                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11985510                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11681425                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1074107                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43197                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189017123                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            101542439                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          17879326                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     12755532                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            22647336                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4675130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      7683296                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11437243                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1399686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    222588794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      199941458     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3451596      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1743731      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3419842      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1096374      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3166523      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         499310      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         803465      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        8466495      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    222588794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068529                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.389197                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      187166127                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9577659                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        22602612                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        18058                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3224334                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1685853                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        16705                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    113588552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        31632                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3224334                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      187376101                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6260191                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2655703                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        22396454                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       676007                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    113422333                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        88121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       520740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    148644005                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    514050870                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    514050870                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    120574192                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       28069787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        15217                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7697                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1545880                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     20474474                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3321063                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20374                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       755067                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        112839832                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15272                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       105682416                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68095                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20339858                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41640300                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222588794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176246344     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14582195      6.55%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15542247      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8977716      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4640805      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1162730      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1378144      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32059      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26554      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222588794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176580     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73052     23.62%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59689     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     82864424     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       828102      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7520      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18690013     17.69%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3292357      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    105682416                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.405065                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309321                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    434331042                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133195238                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102999697                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    105991737                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82889                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4178133                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76833                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3224334                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5474401                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81963                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    112855180                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14986                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20474474                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3321063                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7696                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38235                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2200                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       964747                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       546635                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1511382                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104343495                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18420349                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1338921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           21712523                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       15862754                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3292174                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.399933                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            103024032                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           102999697                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        62329094                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       135742844                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.394782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.459170                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82049697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     92372722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20487042                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1417172                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219364460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    184974186     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13511153      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8678041      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2735443      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4533482      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       885850      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       560625      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       513210      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2972470      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219364460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     82049697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     92372722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             19540564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            16296334                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         14172559                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        80726129                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1155036                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2972470                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          329251455                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         228946434                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4222958                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              38313619                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          82049697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            92372722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     82049697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.179810                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.179810                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.314484                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.314484                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      485030235                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     134203603                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     120646831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        15152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       17870395                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15956726                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1425384                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11965983                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11672286                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1073406                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43055                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188917429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            101488184                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          17870395                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     12745692                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            22634138                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       4672520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      7703739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11431132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1398964                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    222494453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      199860315     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3450817      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1741558      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3416690      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1096339      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3162603      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         498045      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         804102      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        8463984      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    222494453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.388989                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      187070812                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      9593770                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        22589360                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        18074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3222433                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1686705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        16715                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    113530445                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        31695                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3222433                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      187280116                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       6279586                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2653406                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        22383781                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       675127                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    113364523                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        88137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       519851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    148565276                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    513786350                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    513786350                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    120516432                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       28048723                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        15219                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7702                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1542339                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     20460996                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3320198                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20966                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       751785                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        112782609                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15271                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       105625263                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67905                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20329425                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41628361                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222494453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176176702     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14579055      6.55%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15529188      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8968664      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4642796      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1162712      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1376751      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32090      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26495      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222494453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176480     57.08%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        72969     23.60%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59713     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     82822617     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       827854      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7518      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18676006     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3291268      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    105625263                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.404846                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309162                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    434122046                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133127581                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102944392                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    105934425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82198                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4175520                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          285                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76849                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3222433                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       5497757                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81868                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    112797957                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20460996                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3320198                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7699                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38145                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2213                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          285                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       963147                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       546913                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1510060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104287413                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18408034                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1337850                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           21699127                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       15854861                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3291093                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.399718                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            102968789                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           102944392                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        62291372                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       135660147                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.394570                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.459172                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82006027                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     92326315                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20476178                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15159                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1416444                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219272020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    184897015     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13506261      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8673492      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2734301      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4531213      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       886148      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       560485      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       513175      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2969930      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219272020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     82006027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     92326315                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             19528794                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            16285445                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              7564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         14165184                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        80686413                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1154723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2969930                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          329104284                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         228830018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4219572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              38407960                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          82006027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            92326315                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     82006027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.181503                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.181503                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.314317                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.314317                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      484761790                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     134130608                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     120580297                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        15144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18364729                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15018676                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1790654                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7572945                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7241844                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1887886                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79485                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178183392                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            104250436                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18364729                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9129730                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            21841391                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5220494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      8139022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10956881                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1802421                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    211553803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      189712412     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1185212      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1870092      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2978697      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1234217      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1374686      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1471523      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         958734      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10768230      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    211553803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.399576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      176478522                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      9857159                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        21773464                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        55107                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3389548                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3010944                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          455                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    127279290                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2892                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3389548                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      176752789                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2009637                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      7030386                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        21559164                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       812276                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    127196050                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        34743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       218941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       297244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        65322                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    176581868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    591722899                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    591722899                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    150639072                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       25942788                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        32769                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18205                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2370328                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12113047                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6517157                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196754                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1479832                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        127016248                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32868                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       120195366                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151384                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16105199                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35963055                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3493                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211553803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160848944     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20370087      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11122484      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7585561      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7090138      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2035967      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1590989      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       539757      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369876      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211553803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27834     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        84950     38.39%     50.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108516     49.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100685606     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1903038      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14564      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11108984      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6483174      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    120195366                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.460691                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221300                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    452317219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143155665                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118271876                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    120416666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       363535                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2170739                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          356                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1381                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196923                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7481                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           99                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3389548                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1261023                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109055                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127049252                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12113047                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6517157                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80520                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1381                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045587                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023246                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2068833                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118491010                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10448803                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1704356                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           16930386                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16676435                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6481583                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.454158                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            118272669                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           118271876                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        69149839                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       180638624                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.453318                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382808                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88486316                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    108460868                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18588845                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29375                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1829076                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    208164255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    164136156     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21321159     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8300832      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4474423      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3346593      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1870930      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1153818      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1031906      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2528438      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    208164255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     88486316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    108460868                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             16262538                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             9942304                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             14656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15569311                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        97730953                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2203259                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2528438                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          332684932                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         257489194                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2887464                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              49348610                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          88486316                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           108460868                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     88486316                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.948506                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.948506                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.339155                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.339155                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      534339415                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     163928331                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     118737832                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        29346                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22635740                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18846625                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2056914                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8626808                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8280641                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2435976                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95437                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196963201                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            124165732                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22635740                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10716617                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25882586                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5727410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     17817863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12231185                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1967060                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    244317292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      218434706     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1587194      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2002985      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3186748      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1331787      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1714515      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        2000663      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         917423      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       13141271      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    244317292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.086759                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.475909                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      195807308                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     19086570                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25760263                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        11800                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3651343                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3445619                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          554                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    151792363                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2638                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3651343                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      196004532                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        630352                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     17904825                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        25574803                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       551430                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    150861997                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        79156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       385017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    210709766                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    701557375                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    701557375                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    176348370                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       34361376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        36359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18870                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1935886                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     14131161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7387751                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82699                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673993                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        147308742                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36494                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       141327824                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143048                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17853016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36355722                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1214                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244317292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184433391     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27312772     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11166926      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6260466      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8473882      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2613035      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2567550      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1380361      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108909      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244317292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        975546     79.03%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132912     10.77%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125948     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119064385     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1931734      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17488      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12948846      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7365371      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    141327824                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.541688                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1234406                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008734                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528350393                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165198928                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137654442                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    142562230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104463                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2669728                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          679                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104524                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3651343                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        479487                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60629                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147345243                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14131161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7387751                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18871                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52816                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          679                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1218251                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1157553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2375804                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138869888                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12737267                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2457935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           20101807                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19639651                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7364540                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.532268                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            137655051                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           137654442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        82473510                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       221568311                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.527609                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372226                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102595623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    126421122                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20924706                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2074470                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240665949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187159153     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27117781     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9846007      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4901474      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4488947      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1883046      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1866089      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       888263      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2515189      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240665949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    102595623                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    126421122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18744660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11461433                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         18324120                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       113820444                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2610583                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2515189                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          385495873                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         298343022                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2987928                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              16585121                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         102595623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           126421122                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    102595623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.543017                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.543017                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393234                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393234                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      624851764                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     192354340                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     140373139                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        35250                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              260902413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       17919328                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16001620                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1428474                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12011626                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11705457                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1076707                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43377                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189412411                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            101766050                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          17919328                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     12782164                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22696882                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       4682472                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      7604156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           85                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11460531                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1401880                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    222959517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      200262635     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3460768      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1746941      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3426487      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1098477      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3172118      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         500417      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         805449      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        8486225      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    222959517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068682                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.390054                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      187560069                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      9500120                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22651854                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        18254                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3229216                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1690499                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        16766                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    113838242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        31757                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3229216                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      187770100                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       6218027                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2619049                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22445611                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       677510                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    113670803                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        88701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       521570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    148975006                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    515178652                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    515178652                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    120861358                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       28113648                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        15271                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7730                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1549680                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     20512494                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3329411                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       756091                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        113085833                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       105915689                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68270                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20369089                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41706499                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222959517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176513559     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14617383      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15574882      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8995971      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4652844      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1165262      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1380957      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32071      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26588      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222959517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        177137     57.10%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73136     23.58%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59932     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83050158     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       830318      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7540      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18727063     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3300610      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    105915689                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.405959                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            310205                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435169370                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133470513                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103230012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    106225894                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        83430                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4181467                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76623                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3229216                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       5431668                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81912                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113101241                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14990                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20512494                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3329411                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7727                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38102                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2199                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          275                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       966299                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       547664                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1513963                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104575167                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18457344                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1340522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           21757769                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       15898056                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3300425                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.400821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            103254140                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           103230012                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        62468522                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       136051023                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.395665                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.459155                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82239225                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     92589746                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20516160                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15204                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1419511                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219730301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185257215     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13545896      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8697044      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2742084      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4544201      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       888883      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       561701      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514131      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2979146      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219730301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     82239225                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     92589746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19583815                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            16331027                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              7586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         14205492                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        80916896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1158084                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2979146                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          329856762                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         229443570                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4230654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              37942896                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          82239225                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            92589746                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     82239225                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.172481                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.172481                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.315211                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.315211                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      486103326                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     134506747                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     120911021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        15190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        33579                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.931736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         198639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        35627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         5.575519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.645015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     1.951763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1837.106058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         205.228900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.897024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.100209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 39387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12512                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               12512                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  39420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39419                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 39420                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               33543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                33579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33534                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               33579                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     95931882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32039643090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32135574972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57847277                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     57847277                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     95931882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32097490367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    32193422249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     95931882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32097490367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   32193422249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12512                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           12512                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              72999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             72999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2131819.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 956464.358768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958041.170199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1606868.805556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1606868.805556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2131819.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 957162.592205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 958736.777420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2131819.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 957162.592205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 958736.777420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5285                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5285                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           33579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          33579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     91980769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29098052142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29190032911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     54686477                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54686477                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     91980769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29152738619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29244719388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     91980769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29152738619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29244719388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2044017.088889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 868650.431130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870227.257878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1519068.805556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1519068.805556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2044017.088889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 869348.679519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870922.880014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2044017.088889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 869348.679519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870922.880014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        11607                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.454494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         187644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        13655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        13.741780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.972633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     5.097937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1509.939637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         505.444287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.737275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.246799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 28047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8964                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                8964                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  28196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28194                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 28196                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               11603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                11603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11561                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               11603                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83460974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9524601266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9608062240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83460974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9524601266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     9608062240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83460974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9524601266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    9608062240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             39650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            8964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              39799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             39799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1987166.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 823856.177320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828067.072309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1987166.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 823856.177320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828067.072309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1987166.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 823856.177320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828067.072309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5082                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5082                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           11602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          11602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79773374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8508019717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8587793091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79773374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8508019717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8587793091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79773374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8508019717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8587793091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899366.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 735987.864792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740199.370022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899366.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 735987.864792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740199.370022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899366.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 735987.864792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740199.370022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         8462                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.236209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         210131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        10510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        19.993435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.207413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     5.658793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1385.914400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         617.455602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.676716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.301492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 27520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8562                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                8562                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  27731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27729                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 27731                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                8461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 8461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8423                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                8461                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106483532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6788934028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6895417560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106483532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6788934028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     6895417560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106483532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6788934028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    6895417560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        35941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             35981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8562                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            8562                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              36192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             36192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.234356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2802198.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 805999.528434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814964.845763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2802198.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 805999.528434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814964.845763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2802198.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 805999.528434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814964.845763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               4415                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    4415                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            8461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           8461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103147132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6049305162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6152452294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103147132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6049305162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6152452294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103147132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6049305162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6152452294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.234356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2714398.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 718188.906803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727154.271835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2714398.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 718188.906803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727154.271835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2714398.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 718188.906803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727154.271835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        11608                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.440363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         187649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        13656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        13.741139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.953903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     5.105591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1509.674859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         505.706010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.737146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.246927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 28050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8966                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                8966                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  28203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28201                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 28203                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               11604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                11604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11562                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               11604                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105233298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9469286053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9574519351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105233298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9469286053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     9574519351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105233298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9469286053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    9574519351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             39654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            8966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              39807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             39807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2505554.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 819000.696506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825105.080231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2505554.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 819000.696506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825105.080231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2505554.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 819000.696506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825105.080231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5082                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5082                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           11603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          11603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101544918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8453384771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8554929689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101544918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8453384771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8554929689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101544918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8453384771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8554929689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2417736.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 731198.405934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737303.256830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2417736.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 731198.405934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737303.256830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2417736.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 731198.405934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737303.256830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        17888                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.508208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         224412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        19936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        11.256621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.180316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.833875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1650.668627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         361.825390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.805991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.176673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 33706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18460                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               18460                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  33851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33850                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 33851                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               17873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                17881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17845                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               17881                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75576717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15071991621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15147568338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7333042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7333042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75576717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15079324663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    15154901380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75576717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15079324663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   15154901380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        51542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             51579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           18460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        51695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              51732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        51695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             51732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099353.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 844984.673488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847511.236950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 916630.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916630.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099353.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845016.792547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847542.160953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099353.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845016.792547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847542.160953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               9710                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    9710                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           17881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          17881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72415917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13505814014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13578229931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6630642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6630642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72415917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13512444656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13584860573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72415917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13512444656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13584860573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2011553.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 757179.683467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759706.256980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 828830.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828830.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2011553.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 757211.804763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759737.183211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2011553.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 757211.804763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759737.183211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        18022                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.502918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         224423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        20070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        11.182013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.178003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.906943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1654.483683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         357.934288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.807853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.174773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 33749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18430                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               18430                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  33894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33893                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 33894                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               18004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                18014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17978                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               18014                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62643836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15216354632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15278998468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10387139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10387139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62643836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15226741771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    15289385607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62643836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15226741771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   15289385607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        51716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             51753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18430                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           18430                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        51871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              51908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        51871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             51908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.064516                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.064516                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1740106.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846858.561443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848644.660520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1038713.900000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1038713.900000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1740106.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846965.278173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848750.172477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1740106.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846965.278173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848750.172477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               9720                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    9720                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           18014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          18014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59483036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13638541012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13698024048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9508859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9508859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59483036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13648049871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13707532907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59483036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13648049871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13707532907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.064516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1652306.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 759046.138246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760832.262164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 950885.900000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950885.900000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1652306.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 759152.846312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760937.765460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1652306.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 759152.846312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760937.765460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        17781                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.839295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         150896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        19829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         7.609864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.777888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.940398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1664.952755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         350.168253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.812965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.170981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        33689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 33690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6113                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                6113                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        33756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  33757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        33756                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 33757                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               17780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                17780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17744                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               17780                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70109606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14256817319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14326926925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70109606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14256817319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    14326926925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70109606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14256817319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   14326926925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        51433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             51470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6113                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            6113                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        51500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              51537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        51500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             51537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1947489.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 803472.572081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805788.915917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1947489.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 803472.572081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805788.915917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1947489.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 803472.572081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805788.915917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               2375                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    2375                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           17780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          17780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66948789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12698312628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12765261417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66948789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12698312628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12765261417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66948789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12698312628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12765261417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1859688.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 715639.800947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717956.210180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1859688.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 715639.800947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717956.210180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1859688.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 715639.800947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717956.210180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        11634                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.460882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         187704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        13682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        13.719047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.978792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.992599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1509.903711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         505.585780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.737258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.246868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 28094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8977                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                8977                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  28242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28240                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 28242                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               11630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                11630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11589                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               11630                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86575352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9353669548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9440244900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86575352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9353669548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     9440244900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86575352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9353669548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    9440244900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             39724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8977                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            8977                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              39872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             39872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111593.951220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 807116.191906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811714.952709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111593.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 807116.191906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811714.952709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111593.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 807116.191906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811714.952709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5091                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5091                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           11629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          11629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82974586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8335521508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8418496094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82974586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8335521508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8418496094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82974586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8335521508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8418496094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023770.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 719323.568174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723922.615358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023770.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 719323.568174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723922.615358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023770.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 719323.568174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723922.615358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         8460                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.237249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         210157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        10508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        19.999715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.207998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     5.468704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1386.079768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         617.480778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.676797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.301504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 27538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8570                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                8570                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  27749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27747                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 27749                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                8459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 8459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                8459                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109638953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6797574010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6907212963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109638953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6797574010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     6907212963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109638953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6797574010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    6907212963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             35997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8570                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            8570                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              36208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             36208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.234218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2963214.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807121.112562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816551.952122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2963214.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807121.112562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816551.952122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2963214.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807121.112562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816551.952122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            8459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           8459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106390042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6057978069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6164368111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106390042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6057978069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6164368111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106390042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6057978069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6164368111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.234218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2875406.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 719303.973997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728734.851756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2875406.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 719303.973997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728734.851756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2875406.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 719303.973997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728734.851756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        33640                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.930357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         198626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        35688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.565624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.795997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     1.865956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1838.158256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         204.110147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.897538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.099663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        39390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 39391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12497                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               12497                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        39422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  39423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        39422                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 39423                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               33604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                33642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33598                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               33642                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83052072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32162054625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32245106697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     52265098                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     52265098                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83052072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32214319723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    32297371795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83052072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32214319723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   32297371795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             72995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12497                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           12497                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        73020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              73065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        73020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             73065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.542857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.542857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1887547.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 958344.893474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959561.561034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1375397.315789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1375397.315789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1887547.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 958816.587981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 960031.264342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1887547.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 958816.587981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 960031.264342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5289                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5289                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           33642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          33642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79179122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29212317479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29291496601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     48927198                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48927198                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79179122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29261244677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29340423799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79179122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29261244677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29340423799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.542857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.542857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1799525.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 870450.461234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871666.962296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1287557.842105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1287557.842105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1799525.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 870922.217900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872136.727870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1799525.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 870922.217900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872136.727870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        11627                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.454488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         187677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        13675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        13.724095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.972316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.105873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1509.737227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         505.639072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.737176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.246894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 28073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  28222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28220                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 28222                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               11623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                11623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11581                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               11623                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     90787159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9398622641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9489409800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     90787159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9398622641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     9489409800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     90787159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9398622641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    9489409800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             39696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              39845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             39845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.292066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.290973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.290973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2161599.023810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 811555.361454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816433.777854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2161599.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 811555.361454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816433.777854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2161599.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 811555.361454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816433.777854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           11622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          11622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     87099559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8381190747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8468290306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     87099559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8381190747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8468290306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     87099559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8381190747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8468290306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.292041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.290947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.290947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073799.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 723764.313212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728643.117019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073799.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 723764.313212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728643.117019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073799.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 723764.313212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728643.117019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        17794                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.843913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         150880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        19842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         7.604072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.249228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.751783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1665.811584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         350.031317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.813385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.170914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 33705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6082                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                6082                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  33770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33769                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 33770                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               17793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                17793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17757                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               17793                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63485388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14220387308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14283872696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63485388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14220387308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    14283872696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63485388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14220387308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   14283872696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        51461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             51498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6082                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            6082                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        51526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              51563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        51526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             51563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1763483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 800832.759363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 802780.458383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1763483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 800832.759363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 802780.458383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1763483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 800832.759363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 802780.458383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               2379                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    2379                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           17793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          17793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60324588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12660849013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12721173601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60324588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12660849013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12721173601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60324588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12660849013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12721173601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1675683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 713006.082841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714953.835834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1675683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 713006.082841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714953.835834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1675683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 713006.082841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714953.835834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        17772                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.840312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         150834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        19820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         7.610192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.782949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.829375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1666.270906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         348.957082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.813609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.170389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 33635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6106                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                6106                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  33701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33700                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 33701                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               17771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                17771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17736                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               17771                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67469912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14274341924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14341811836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67469912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14274341924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    14341811836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67469912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14274341924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   14341811836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        51370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             51406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6106                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            6106                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        51436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              51472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        51436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             51472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1927711.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804823.067433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807034.597715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1927711.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804823.067433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807034.597715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1927711.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804823.067433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807034.597715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               2375                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    2375                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           17771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          17771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64396912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12716553727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12780950639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64396912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12716553727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12780950639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64396912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12716553727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12780950639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1839911.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 716991.076173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719202.669461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1839911.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 716991.076173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719202.669461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1839911.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 716991.076173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719202.669461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        28809                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.596316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         156593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        30854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.075290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.684522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     4.286420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1652.179413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         379.445960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.806728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.185276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 35722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7610                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                7610                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  35815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35814                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 35815                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               28772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                28801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28762                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               28801                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54519909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  26536814237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26591334146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24858109                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24858109                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54519909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  26561672346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    26616192255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54519909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  26561672346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   26616192255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        64454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             64494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7610                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            7610                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             122                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        64576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              64616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        64576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             64616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.446119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.237705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.237705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1397946.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923565.734069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924208.749687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 857176.172414                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857176.172414                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1397946.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923498.795146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 924141.253950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1397946.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923498.795146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 924141.253950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4321                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4321                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           28801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          28801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     51095021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24013559017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24064654038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22311909                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22311909                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     51095021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24035870926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24086965947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     51095021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24035870926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24086965947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.237705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1310128.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835748.408346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836391.423537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 769376.172414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769376.172414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1310128.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835681.486892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836323.945245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1310128.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835681.486892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836323.945245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         8460                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.234648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         210087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        10508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        19.993053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.205246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     5.471967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1385.958180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         617.599255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.676737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.301562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 27489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8549                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                8549                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  27700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27698                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 27700                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                8459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 8459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8422                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                8459                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    109306200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6815176268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6924482468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    109306200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6815176268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     6924482468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    109306200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6815176268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    6924482468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             35948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8549                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            8549                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        36120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              36159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        36120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             36159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.234537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2954221.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809211.145571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818593.506088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2954221.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809211.145571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818593.506088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2954221.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809211.145571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818593.506088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            8459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           8459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106057200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6075515595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6181572795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106057200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6075515595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6181572795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106057200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6075515595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6181572795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.234537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2866410.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 721386.320945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730768.742759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2866410.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 721386.320945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730768.742759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2866410.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 721386.320945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730768.742759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        17815                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.835493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         151014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        19863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         7.602779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.244999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.868142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1665.829251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         349.893101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.813393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.170846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 33829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6092                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                6092                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  33895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33894                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 33895                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               17814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                17814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17778                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               17814                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79453583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14019773390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14099226973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79453583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14019773390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    14099226973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79453583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14019773390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   14099226973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        51606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             51643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6092                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            6092                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        51672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              51709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        51672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             51709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2207043.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 788602.395658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 791468.899349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2207043.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 788602.395658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 791468.899349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2207043.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 788602.395658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 791468.899349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               2379                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    2379                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           17814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          17814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76292603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12458640645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12534933248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76292603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12458640645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12534933248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76292603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12458640645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12534933248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2119238.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 700789.776409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703656.295498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2119238.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 700789.776409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703656.295498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2119238.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 700789.776409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703656.295498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              581.968317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010714004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1715983.028862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.577886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   540.390430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.866010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10706114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10706114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10706114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10706114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10706114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10706114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    145429617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145429617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    145429617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145429617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    145429617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145429617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10706182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10706182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10706182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10706182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10706182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10706182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2138670.838235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2138670.838235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2138670.838235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2138670.838235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2138670.838235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2138670.838235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     96371452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96371452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     96371452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96371452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     96371452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96371452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2095031.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2095031.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2095031.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2095031.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2095031.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2095031.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72953                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432109937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5902.415509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.883102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.116898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27995441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27995441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43325315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43325315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43325315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43325315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       266612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          277                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          277                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       266889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       266889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132603301991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132603301991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    220023878                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    220023878                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132823325869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132823325869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132823325869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132823325869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28262053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28262053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43592204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43592204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43592204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43592204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 497364.342156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 497364.342156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 794310.028881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794310.028881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 497672.537531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 497672.537531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 497672.537531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 497672.537531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           12512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  35007381758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35007381758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     60356736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60356736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  35067738494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35067738494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  35067738494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35067738494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 480316.417293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480316.417293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 874735.304348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874735.304348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 480689.464367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480689.464367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 480689.464367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480689.464367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              518.117326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              982340599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1892756.452794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    43.117326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.069098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11890237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11890237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11890237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11890237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11890237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11890237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96211754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96211754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96211754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96211754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96211754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96211754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11890290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11890290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11890290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11890290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11890290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11890290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1815316.113208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1815316.113208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1815316.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1815316.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1815316.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1815316.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83951475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83951475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83951475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83951475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83951475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83951475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1907988.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1907988.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1907988.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1907988.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1907988.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1907988.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                39755                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              161729012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                40011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4042.113719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.860261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.139739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.913517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.086483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8189411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8189411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6893963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6893963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16600                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16600                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15083374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15083374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15083374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15083374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       127094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       127970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       127970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       127970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       127970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  42983443011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42983443011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     74068303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74068303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  43057511314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  43057511314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  43057511314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  43057511314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8316505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8316505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6894839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6894839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16600                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16600                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15211344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15211344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15211344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15211344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 338201.984445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338201.984445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84552.857306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84552.857306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 336465.666281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336465.666281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 336465.666281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336465.666281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        87488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11448007997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11448007997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9631845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9631845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11457639842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11457639842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11457639842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11457639842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 289047.315987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289047.315987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64643.255034                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64643.255034                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 288206.259389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288206.259389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 288206.259389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288206.259389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              494.475258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              985818470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1991552.464646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    39.475258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.063262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12234909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12234909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12234909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12234909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12234909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12234909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    156939504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156939504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    156939504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156939504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    156939504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156939504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12234964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12234964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12234964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12234964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12234964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12234964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2853445.527273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2853445.527273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2853445.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2853445.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2853445.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2853445.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1757779                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 351555.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106944239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106944239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106944239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106944239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106944239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106944239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2673605.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2673605.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2673605.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2673605.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2673605.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2673605.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                36152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              159789358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                36408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4388.852944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.417082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.582918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9759937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9759937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7249104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7249104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17009041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       17009041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17009041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      17009041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        93028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        95177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        95177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        95177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        95177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  20753980579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20753980579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    137906319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137906319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  20891886898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20891886898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  20891886898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20891886898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      9852965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9852965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7251253                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7251253                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17104218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17104218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17104218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17104218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 223093.913435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223093.913435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64172.321545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64172.321545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219505.625288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219505.625288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219505.625288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219505.625288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35328                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         8832                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        57087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        59025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        59025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        35941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8648894224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8648894224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15413506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15413506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8664307730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8664307730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8664307730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8664307730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240641.446370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240641.446370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 73049.791469                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73049.791469                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239663.302998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239663.302998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239663.302998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239663.302998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.115034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              982345800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1892766.473988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    43.115034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.069095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11895438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11895438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11895438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11895438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11895438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11895438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117612581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117612581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117612581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117612581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117612581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117612581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11895489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11895489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11895489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11895489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11895489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11895489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2306129.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2306129.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2306129.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2306129.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2306129.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2306129.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305918                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305918                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105724501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105724501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105724501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105724501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    105724501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105724501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2402829.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2402829.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2402829.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2402829.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2402829.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2402829.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                39763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              161734065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                40019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4041.431945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.857092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.142908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8192511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8192511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6895894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6895894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16605                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16605                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15088405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15088405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15088405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15088405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       127115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       128023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       128023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       128023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       128023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42862957994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42862957994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     76755189                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76755189                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42939713183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42939713183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42939713183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42939713183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8319626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8319626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6896802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6896802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16605                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16605                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15216428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15216428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15216428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15216428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337198.269237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337198.269237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84532.146476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84532.146476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 335406.240933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335406.240933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 335406.240933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335406.240933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        87505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11392857375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11392857375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9871069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9871069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11402728444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11402728444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11402728444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11402728444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 287625.785786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287625.785786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64516.790850                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64516.790850                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286767.307396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286767.307396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286767.307396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286767.307396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.305863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              982971828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1893972.693642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.305863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.058182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11292487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11292487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11292487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11292487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11292487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11292487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110326771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110326771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110326771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110326771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110326771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110326771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11292543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11292543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11292543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11292543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11292543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11292543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1970120.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1970120.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75967374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75967374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75967374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75967374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75967374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75967374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2053172.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2053172.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                51694                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              167126181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                51950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3217.058345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.189643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.810357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7963685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7963685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6734663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6734663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14698348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       14698348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14698348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      14698348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       176576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       182075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       182075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       182075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       182075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  73928249076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73928249076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3586730435                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3586730435                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  77514979511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77514979511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  77514979511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77514979511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8140261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8140261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6740162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6740162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16440                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16440                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14880423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14880423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14880423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14880423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 418676.655242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418676.655242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 652251.397527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 652251.397527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 425731.042213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425731.042213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 425731.042213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425731.042213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     36102347                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets            75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 481364.626667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           18460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       125034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       130380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       130380                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130380                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        51542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        51695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        51695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17435894564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17435894564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16829256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16829256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17452723820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17452723820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17452723820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17452723820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338285.176439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338285.176439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109995.137255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109995.137255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337609.513879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337609.513879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337609.513879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337609.513879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.162275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              982962402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1893954.531792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    36.162275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.057952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11283061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11283061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11283061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11283061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11283061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11283061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     93051623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93051623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     93051623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93051623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     93051623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93051623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11283113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11283113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11283113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11283113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11283113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11283113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1789454.288462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1789454.288462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1789454.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1789454.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1789454.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1789454.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63042480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63042480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63042480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63042480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63042480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63042480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1703850.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703850.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1703850.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703850.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1703850.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703850.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                51871                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              167122794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                52127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3206.069676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.044404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.955596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7962180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7962180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6732740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6732740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16485                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16485                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14694920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14694920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14694920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14694920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       176867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       182400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       182400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  73969264547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73969264547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3508118086                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3508118086                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  77477382633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77477382633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  77477382633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77477382633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8139047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8139047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6738273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6738273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16485                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16485                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14877320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14877320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14877320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14877320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 418219.704903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418219.704903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 634035.439364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 634035.439364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 424766.352155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424766.352155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 424766.352155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424766.352155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     44201616                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets            86                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 513972.279070                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           18430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       125151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       130529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       130529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        51716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        51871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        51871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17584880738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17584880738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19865059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19865059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17604745797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17604745797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17604745797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17604745797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340027.858651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340027.858651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 128161.670968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128161.670968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 339394.763876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339394.763876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 339394.763876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339394.763876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              560.637709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              899248857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1594412.867021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    35.485090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.152618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.056867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11433010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11433010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11433010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11433010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11433010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11433010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104461406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104461406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104461406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104461406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104461406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104461406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11433060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11433060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11433060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11433060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11433060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11433060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2089228.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2089228.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2089228.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2089228.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2089228.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2089228.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70474351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70474351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70474351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70474351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70474351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70474351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1904712.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904712.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1904712.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904712.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1904712.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904712.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                51500                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              217470736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                51756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4201.845892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   200.279305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    55.720695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.782341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.217659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16815769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16815769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3228607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3228607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     20044376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       20044376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     20044376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      20044376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       182369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       182369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  82515885351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82515885351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     26270479                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26270479                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  82542155830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82542155830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  82542155830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82542155830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     16997833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16997833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3228912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3228912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     20226745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20226745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     20226745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20226745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453224.609758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453224.609758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86132.718033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86132.718033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452610.673031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452610.673031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452610.673031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452610.673031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       130631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       130869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       130869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        51433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        51500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        51500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16612840188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16612840188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4353478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4353478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16617193666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16617193666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16617193666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16617193666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322999.634243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322999.634243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64977.283582                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64977.283582                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322663.954680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322663.954680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322663.954680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322663.954680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.175394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              982360014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1896447.903475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    42.175394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.067589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11909652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11909652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11909652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11909652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11909652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11909652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97077928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97077928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97077928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97077928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97077928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97077928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11909702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11909702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11909702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11909702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11909702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11909702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1941558.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1941558.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1941558.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1941558.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1941558.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1941558.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87057560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87057560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87057560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87057560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87057560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87057560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024594.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024594.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024594.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024594.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024594.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024594.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                39829                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              161756843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                40085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4035.345965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.858821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.141179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8204500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8204500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6906651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6906651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16630                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16630                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15111151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15111151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15111151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15111151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       127494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       128362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       128362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       128362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       128362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42181680111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42181680111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     73233032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73233032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42254913143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42254913143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42254913143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42254913143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8331994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8331994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6907519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6907519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16630                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16630                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15239513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15239513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15239513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15239513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330852.276272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330852.276272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84369.852535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84369.852535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 329185.531100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 329185.531100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 329185.531100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 329185.531100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        87813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        88533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        88533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11280360996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11280360996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9555085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9555085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11289916081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11289916081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11289916081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11289916081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 284276.127013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284276.127013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64561.385135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64561.385135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 283459.692209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283459.692209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 283459.692209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283459.692209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              493.625994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              985817030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1995581.032389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.625994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12233469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12233469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12233469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12233469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12233469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12233469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    161909532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161909532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    161909532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161909532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    161909532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161909532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12233523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12233523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12233523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12233523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12233523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12233523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2998324.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2998324.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1774492                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 354898.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110076130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110076130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110076130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110076130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110076130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110076130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2822464.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2822464.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                36169                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              159784514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                36425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4386.671627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.415302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.584698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9757319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9757319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7246955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7246955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18619                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18619                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17004274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       17004274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17004274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      17004274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        93009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        95158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        95158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        95158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        95158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  20751930598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20751930598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    137701276                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137701276                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  20889631874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20889631874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  20889631874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20889631874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9850328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9850328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7249104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7249104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17099432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17099432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17099432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17099432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223117.446677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223117.446677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64076.908329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64076.908329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 219525.755838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219525.755838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 219525.755838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219525.755838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7245                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         2415                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        57051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        58989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        58989                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58989                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8658552164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8658552164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15431897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15431897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8673984061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8673984061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8673984061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8673984061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240796.266867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240796.266867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 73136.952607                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73136.952607                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 239818.188532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239818.188532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 239818.188532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239818.188532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              581.888657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1010705137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1718886.287415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.858496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.030161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.065478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10697247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10697247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10697247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10697247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10697247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10697247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    116664603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116664603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    116664603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116664603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    116664603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116664603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10697321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10697321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10697321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10697321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10697321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10697321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1576548.689189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1576548.689189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1576548.689189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1576548.689189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1576548.689189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1576548.689189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83486301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83486301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83486301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83486301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83486301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83486301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1855251.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1855251.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1855251.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1855251.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1855251.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1855251.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                73018                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              432119011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                73274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5897.303423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.882740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.117260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     28003170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28003170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15331249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15331249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7885                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7885                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     43334419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       43334419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     43334419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      43334419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       267835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       267835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       268103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       268103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       268103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       268103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 133103835589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 133103835589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    194339526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    194339526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 133298175115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 133298175115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 133298175115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 133298175115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     28271005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28271005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15331517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15331517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7885                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7885                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     43602522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43602522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     43602522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43602522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 496962.068397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496962.068397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 725147.485075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 725147.485075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 497190.166149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 497190.166149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 497190.166149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 497190.166149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           12497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       194885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       195083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       195083                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195083                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        73020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        73020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35130767333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35130767333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     54699387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54699387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35185466720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35185466720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35185466720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35185466720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 481573.232803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481573.232803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 781419.814286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781419.814286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 481860.678170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481860.678170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 481860.678170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481860.678170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              518.115484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              982354993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1892784.186898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    43.115484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.069095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11904631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11904631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11904631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11904631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11904631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11904631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102237946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102237946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102237946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102237946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102237946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102237946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11904682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11904682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11904682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11904682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11904682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11904682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2004665.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2004665.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2004665.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2004665.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2004665.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2004665.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290040                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290040                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     91277442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91277442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     91277442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91277442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     91277442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91277442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2074487.318182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2074487.318182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2074487.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2074487.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2074487.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2074487.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                39801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              161745524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                40057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4037.884115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.859180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.140820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.913512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.086488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8198171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8198171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6901629                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6901629                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17789                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17789                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15099800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       15099800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15099800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      15099800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       127262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       128138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       128138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       128138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       128138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  42378232924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42378232924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     74090240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74090240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  42452323164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42452323164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  42452323164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42452323164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8325433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8325433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6902505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6902505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15227938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15227938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15227938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15227938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 332999.897251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332999.897251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84577.899543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84577.899543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 331301.590192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331301.590192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 331301.590192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331301.590192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        87610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        88337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        88337                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88337                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11323895761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11323895761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9617338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9617338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11333513099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11333513099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11333513099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11333513099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 285581.957051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285581.957051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64545.892617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64545.892617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 284754.481018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284754.481018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 284754.481018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284754.481018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              560.383718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              899253039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1594420.281915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.148452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.235266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.056328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11437192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11437192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11437192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11437192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11437192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11437192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96068368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96068368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96068368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96068368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96068368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96068368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11437243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11437243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11437243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11437243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11437243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11437243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1883693.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1883693.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1883693.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1883693.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1883693.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1883693.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63872067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63872067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63872067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63872067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63872067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63872067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1726272.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726272.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1726272.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726272.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1726272.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726272.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                51526                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              217476361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                51782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4199.844753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   200.281877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    55.718123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.782351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.217649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16821366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16821366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3228631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3228631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7638                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7638                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20049997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       20049997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20049997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      20049997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       181966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       182255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       182255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       182255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       182255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  82257190765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82257190765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24951298                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24951298                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  82282142063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82282142063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  82282142063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82282142063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17003332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17003332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3228920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3228920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7638                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7638                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7576                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7576                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20232252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20232252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20232252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20232252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 452047.034968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452047.034968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86336.671280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86336.671280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 451467.131563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451467.131563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 451467.131563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451467.131563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6082                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6082                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        51461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        51526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        51526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16577114567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16577114567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4239866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4239866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16581354433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16581354433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16581354433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16581354433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 322129.662599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322129.662599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65228.707692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65228.707692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321805.582289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321805.582289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321805.582289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321805.582289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.717785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              899246933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1597241.444050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.565888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.151896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.055394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11431086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11431086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11431086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11431086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11431086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11431086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82900631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82900631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82900631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82900631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82900631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82900631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11431132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11431132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11431132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11431132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11431132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11431132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1802187.630435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1802187.630435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1802187.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1802187.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1802187.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1802187.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67826728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67826728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67826728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67826728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67826728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67826728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1884075.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1884075.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1884075.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1884075.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1884075.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1884075.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                51436                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              217464338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                51692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4206.924437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   200.288044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    55.711956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.782375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.217625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16810239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16810239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3227748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3227748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7629                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7629                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20037987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       20037987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20037987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      20037987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       181775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       182072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       182072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       182072                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       182072                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  82439218515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82439218515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     25534248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25534248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  82464752763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82464752763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  82464752763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82464752763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16992014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16992014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3228045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3228045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7629                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7629                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20220059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20220059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20220059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20220059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453523.413643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453523.413643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85973.898990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85973.898990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 452923.858490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452923.858490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 452923.858490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452923.858490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            6106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       130405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       130636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       130636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        51370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        51436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        51436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16626582784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16626582784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4295181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4295181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16630877965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16630877965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16630877965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16630877965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323663.281760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323663.281760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65078.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65078.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323331.479217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323331.479217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323331.479217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323331.479217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              528.744329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              987060338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1862377.996226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.744329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.062090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10956823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10956823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10956823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10956823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10956823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10956823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83725790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83725790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83725790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83725790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83725790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83725790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10956881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10956881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10956881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10956881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10956881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10956881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1443548.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1443548.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1443548.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1443548.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1443548.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1443548.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54910590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54910590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54910590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54910590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54910590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54910590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1372764.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1372764.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1372764.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1372764.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1372764.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1372764.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                64576                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              175228955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                64832                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2702.815816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.291258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.708742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.915200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.084800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7594931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7594931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6289697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6289697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18029                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18029                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14673                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14673                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13884628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       13884628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13884628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      13884628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       168287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       169173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       169173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       169173                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       169173                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  73780777624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73780777624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    338769270                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    338769270                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  74119546894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74119546894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  74119546894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74119546894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7763218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7763218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6290583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6290583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18029                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18029                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        14673                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14673                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14053801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14053801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14053801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14053801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 438422.323911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438422.323911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 382358.092551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 382358.092551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 438128.701944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438128.701944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 438128.701944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438128.701944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       527160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       175720                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7610                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7610                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       103833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       104597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       104597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        64454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        64576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        64576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29121558267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29121558267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31105329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31105329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29152663596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29152663596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29152663596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29152663596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 451819.255081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451819.255081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 254961.713115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254961.713115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 451447.342604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451447.342604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 451447.342604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451447.342604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              493.625360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              985814687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1995576.289474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.625360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.061900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12231126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12231126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12231126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12231126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12231126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12231126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    160187711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160187711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    160187711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160187711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    160187711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160187711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12231181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12231181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12231181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12231181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12231181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12231181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2912503.836364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2912503.836364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2912503.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2912503.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2912503.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2912503.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1758675                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       351735                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    109758572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109758572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    109758572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109758572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    109758572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109758572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2814322.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2814322.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2814322.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2814322.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2814322.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2814322.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                36120                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              159779576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                36376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4392.444909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.411856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.588144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.911765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.088235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9753902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9753902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7245470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7245470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16999372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       16999372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16999372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      16999372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        94969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        94969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        94969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        94969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  20819602942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20819602942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    137646623                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137646623                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  20957249565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20957249565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  20957249565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20957249565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9846722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9846722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7247619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7247619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18585                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18585                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17094341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17094341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17094341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17094341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 224300.828938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224300.828938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64051.476501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64051.476501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 220674.636618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220674.636618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 220674.636618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220674.636618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35265                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        11755                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        56911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        58849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        58849                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58849                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8673053607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8673053607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     15406925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15406925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8688460532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8688460532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8688460532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8688460532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 241528.686597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241528.686597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 73018.601896                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73018.601896                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 240544.311517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240544.311517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 240544.311517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240544.311517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              561.484930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              899276330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1594461.578014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.453084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.031846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.899816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11460483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11460483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11460483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11460483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11460483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11460483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    106770171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106770171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    106770171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106770171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    106770171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106770171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11460531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11460531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11460531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11460531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11460531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11460531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2224378.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2224378.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2224378.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2224378.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2224378.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2224378.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        49009                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        49009                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79824486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79824486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79824486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79824486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79824486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79824486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2157418.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2157418.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2157418.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2157418.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2157418.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2157418.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                51672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              217517622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                51928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4188.831112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   200.290699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    55.709301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.782386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.217614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16854075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16854075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3237142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3237142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20091217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       20091217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20091217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      20091217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       182786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       182786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  81226470037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81226470037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25566194                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25566194                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  81252036231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81252036231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  81252036231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81252036231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17036564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17036564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3237439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3237439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20274003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20274003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20274003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20274003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445103.376297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445103.376297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86081.461279                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86081.461279                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 444520.019208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444520.019208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 444520.019208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444520.019208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            6092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       130883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       131114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       131114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        51606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        51672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        51672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16384960730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16384960730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4265428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4265428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16389226158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16389226158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16389226158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16389226158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 317501.079913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317501.079913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64627.696970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64627.696970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 317178.087901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317178.087901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 317178.087901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317178.087901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
