
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001105                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1105127562                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391204441299                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 380069                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   495442                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36537                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30246.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11495738153                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14985347421                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        41984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        41344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        63744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        64640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        15232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        41600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        15232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               488704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       176768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            176768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17721031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     37990185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     37411066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     19805858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     57680219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     58490985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17836855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     18068502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13783024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     37642713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13783024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               442215014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           29766699                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         159952576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              159952576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         159952576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17721031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     37990185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     37411066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     19805858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     57680219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     58490985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17836855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     18068502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13783024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     37642713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13783024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              602167589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162850                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1899896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1132638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       262289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2186700     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7754      0.32%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16661      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6896      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36028      1.49%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32620      1.35%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6341      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13397      0.56%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103703      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.427380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1878670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       283914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1327552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1881938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        241331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        31889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        10474                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1325743                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         4540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         3337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1003                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1566399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6236383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6236383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         217422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           24240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1956810     81.19%     81.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139281      5.78%     86.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112339      4.66%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48691      2.02%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60303      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56308      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32159      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2689      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1520      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3096     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23700     86.15%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          713      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792986     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10992      0.87%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298590     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154078     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256721                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.474201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4952223                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446703                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        234285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5802                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163202                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1244078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1335462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.504551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1956257     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159003      6.66%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73909      3.10%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72106      3.02%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19791      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82275      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6437      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4654      0.20%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11335      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2667018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                240087                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.650187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.650187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1570171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         232281                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193557                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22737                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87939                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82587                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24453                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1012                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2005991                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1273484                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            232281                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       107040                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              264243                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         64341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       154282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2795                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          126190                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21647                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.004474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2204513     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          15858      0.64%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20095      0.81%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          32105      1.30%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13477      0.55%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          17402      0.70%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          20028      0.81%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9452      0.38%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         135826      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2468756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.087647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.480526                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1996983                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       167577                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          262844                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        41176                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        35018                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1555348                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        41176                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1999606                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          6121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       155221                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          260375                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6256                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1544480                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2157317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7177338                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7177338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1769825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         387492                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          373                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          197                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           23467                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       146013                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        74682                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        16597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1505764                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1433104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1814                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203508                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429967                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1863432     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274706     11.13%     86.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112808      4.57%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63794      2.58%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85736      3.47%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27179      1.10%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26289      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13669      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1143      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10031     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1399     11.00%     89.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1207497     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19464      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131653      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74315      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1433104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.540756                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12716                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5349494                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709666                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1445820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30869                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        41176                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          4609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1506139                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146013                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74682                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12676                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        26064                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406454                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129006                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             203286                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         198392                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            74280                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.530700                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1393519                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1393479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          835109                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2243221                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.525804                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372281                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029701                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1269029                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237121                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22713                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1890229     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272603     11.23%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98723      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49215      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44869      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19039      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18800      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8952      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25150      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1029701                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1269029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               188308                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              115144                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           183996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1142525                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        26231                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        25150                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3908567                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3053481                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 32192                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                181431                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1029701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1269029                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1029701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.573744                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.573744                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.388539                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.388539                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6326351                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1949012                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1436940                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         185853                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166073                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123045                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         120025                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10525                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1961137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1059341                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            185853                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       130550                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              234601                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         54120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        56040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          120072                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15919                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2289416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2054815     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          35912      1.57%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          17762      0.78%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          35401      1.55%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          10288      0.45%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          32937      1.44%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           4955      0.22%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8462      0.37%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          88884      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2289416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.070128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.399723                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1948320                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        69577                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          233969                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          260                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        37284                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17010                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          354                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1179132                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1550                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        37284                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1950134                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         45099                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        19379                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          232219                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         5295                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1176770                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1538563                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5325417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5325417                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1213681                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         324882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           14166                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       217165                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        32762                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          286                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         7005                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1168897                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1082393                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1058                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       496601                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2289416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1817943     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143632      6.27%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161015      7.03%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92305      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47876      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12466      0.54%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13561      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          328      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          290      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2289416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1875     58.28%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          733     22.79%     81.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          609     18.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845718     78.13%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8073      0.75%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196164     18.12%     97.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32365      2.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1082393                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.408421                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3217                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002972                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4458477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1402494                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052342                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1085610                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          857                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47752                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        37284                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         40025                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          641                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1169045                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217165                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32762                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          359                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10106                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7190                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        17296                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1067644                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             225602                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         162179                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            32355                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.402856                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1052788                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1052342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          637559                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1371220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.397082                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.464957                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       833453                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       933428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235668                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2252132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1906639     84.66%     84.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134224      5.96%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87357      3.88%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27401      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46871      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8649      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5666      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5038      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30287      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2252132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       833453                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       933428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               200964                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              169413                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           143571                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          814447                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        11256                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        30287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3390941                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2375491                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 45651                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                360771                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            833453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              933428                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       833453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.179768                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.179768                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.314488                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.314488                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        4967941                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1368129                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1257294                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         180147                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162185                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11135                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68991                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62544                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9753                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          505                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1891221                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1127536                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            180147                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        72297                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              222239                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         35801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       277213                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          110193                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11007                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2415085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2192846     90.80%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           7704      0.32%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16274      0.67%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           6891      0.29%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          35986      1.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          32558      1.35%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6373      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          13282      0.55%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         103171      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2415085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067975                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.425455                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1871226                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       297607                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          221257                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        24230                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        15949                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1321297                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        24230                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1874359                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        254842                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        33212                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          219090                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         9344                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1319503                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         4511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         3234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           90                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1557485                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6207013                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6207013                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1341221                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         216256                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           23295                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       308173                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       154512                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1457                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         7438                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1314908                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          160                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1250462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125541                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310126                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2415085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1963646     81.31%     81.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139289      5.77%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111932      4.63%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48014      1.99%     93.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        59617      2.47%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56342      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32112      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2647      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1486      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2415085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3056     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23764     86.40%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          685      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       787721     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10902      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298025     23.83%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153740     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1250462                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.471839                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27505                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021996                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4944749                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1440659                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1237752                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1277967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2280                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15980                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1746                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        24230                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        248016                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2407                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1315068                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308173                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154512                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5745                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6969                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        12714                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1240423                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       296928                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             450622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         162295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           153694                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.468051                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1237864                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1237752                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          670194                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1326620                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.467043                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505189                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       995491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1169979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        11168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2390855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1962468     82.08%     82.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159192      6.66%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73699      3.08%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71915      3.01%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19272      0.81%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82207      3.44%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6377      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4541      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11184      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2390855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       995491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1169979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               444950                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              292193                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           154546                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1040395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        11351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        11184                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3694935                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2654781                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 41953                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                235102                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            995491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1169979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       995491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.662191                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.662191                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.375630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.375630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6124267                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1442630                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1564288                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         181540                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163336                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11256                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        70060                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          63115                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9807                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          502                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1906495                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1135810                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            181540                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        72922                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              224122                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         36083                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       257657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          111089                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11126                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2412842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.858692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2188720     90.71%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           7791      0.32%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          16777      0.70%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           6967      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          36124      1.50%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          32740      1.36%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6357      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          13398      0.56%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         103968      4.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2412842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068501                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.428577                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1889192                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       275356                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          223143                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        24386                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        16166                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1331239                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        24386                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1892185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        234550                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        31052                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          221073                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         9588                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1329501                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         3829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1123                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1570489                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6253657                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6253657                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1353049                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         217428                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           22125                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       309622                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       155350                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1400                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         7490                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1324933                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1260543                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1224                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125483                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309862                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2412842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.522431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.311801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1959456     81.21%     81.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       138658      5.75%     86.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112096      4.65%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48754      2.02%     93.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60413      2.50%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56773      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32449      1.34%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2724      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1519      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2412842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3125     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23967     86.24%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          698      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       795267     63.09%     63.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11060      0.88%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       299595     23.77%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154546     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1260543                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.475643                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27790                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022046                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4962942                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1450626                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1247873                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1288333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2318                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16031                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1810                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        24386                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        228701                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2168                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1325094                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       309622                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       155350                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5793                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7042                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        12835                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1250604                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       298518                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9939                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             453018                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         163763                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           154500                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.471893                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1247981                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1247873                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          675904                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1337965                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.470862                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505173                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1003119                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1179186                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       146057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        11295                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2388456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1958093     81.98%     81.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       158803      6.65%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        74123      3.10%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72449      3.03%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19674      0.82%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82964      3.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6443      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4640      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11267      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2388456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1003119                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1179186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               447124                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              293584                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           155870                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1048614                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        11503                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        11267                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3702432                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2674890                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 42407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                237345                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1003119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1179186                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1003119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.641947                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.641947                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.378509                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.378509                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6172085                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1455589                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1574738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2650158                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         193883                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158898                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20870                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79712                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73976                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19542                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1858511                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1106246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            193883                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        93518                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              242015                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         59776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       188881                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          116131                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20630                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2327953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.919510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2085938     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          25648      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          30289      1.30%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          16391      0.70%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          18246      0.78%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11002      0.47%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7206      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          18879      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         114354      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2327953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073159                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.417426                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1842392                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       205617                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          239736                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2063                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        38142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31335                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1348857                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        38142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1845821                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         18338                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       178243                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          238379                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         9027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1347036                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1874204                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6268310                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6268310                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1570229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         303866                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           25313                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       129076                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        69387                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1731                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        14762                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1343220                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          355                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1261281                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184084                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       427678                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2327953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1795762     77.14%     77.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214465      9.21%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114893      4.94%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80112      3.44%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69347      2.98%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34874      1.50%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8713      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5638      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4149      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2327953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           339     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1162     42.53%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1231     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056355     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19547      1.55%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116579      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68648      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1261281                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.475927                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2732                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4854925                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1527702                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1238287                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1264013                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3254                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24851                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1960                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           44                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        38142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         14083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1191                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1343582                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129076                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69387                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          787                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11436                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12144                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        23580                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1241039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109476                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             178085                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         173069                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            68609                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.468289                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1238385                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1238287                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          737134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1928738                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.467250                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382185                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       922159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211970                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20800                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2289811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1826764     79.78%     79.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215233      9.40%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90106      3.94%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53938      2.36%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37093      1.62%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24097      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12643      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9962      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19975      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2289811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       922159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1131508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               171593                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              104194                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           161967                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1020082                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        23024                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        19975                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3613301                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2725228                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 30612                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                322205                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            922159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1131508                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       922159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.873862                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.873862                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.347964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.347964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5596969                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1721193                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1258274                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         233018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       194169                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22805                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88217                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82859                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24531                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2012745                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1277685                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            233018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       107390                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              265117                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         64535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       147271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          126611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21716                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2467498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.636800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.007872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2202381     89.26%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          15930      0.65%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20178      0.82%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          32207      1.31%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13506      0.55%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          17447      0.71%     93.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          20087      0.81%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9482      0.38%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         136280      5.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2467498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.087925                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.482111                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2001653                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       160651                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          263716                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41300                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        35133                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1560429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41300                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2004281                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          6188                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       148206                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          261244                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6278                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1549566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2164567                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7200948                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7200948                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1775927                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         388630                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           23541                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       146481                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        74938                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          884                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        16643                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1510799                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1437893                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1821                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204146                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431381                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2467498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.307628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1860075     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       275704     11.17%     86.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113187      4.59%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64056      2.60%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85980      3.48%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27255      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26381      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13714      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1146      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2467498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10059     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1403     11.00%     89.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1292     10.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1211548     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19513      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          176      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132089      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74567      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1437893                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.542563                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12754                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5357859                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1715343                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1398155                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1450647                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1102                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30957                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1528                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41300                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          4660                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          585                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1511178                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146481                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74938                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          515                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12724                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13419                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        26143                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1411169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129433                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26724                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             203967                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         199046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            74534                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.532479                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1398195                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1398155                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          837944                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2250819                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527568                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372284                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1033258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1273325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237864                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          358                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        22783                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2426198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1886998     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       273556     11.28%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99068      4.08%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49368      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45038      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19088      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18869      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8981      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25232      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2426198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1033258                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1273325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               188934                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              115524                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           184596                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1146391                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        26307                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        25232                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3912142                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3063683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32314                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                182689                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1033258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1273325                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1033258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.564884                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.564884                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.389881                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.389881                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6347585                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1955680                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1441702                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         152092                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       124009                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16348                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        61541                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57196                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14937                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          712                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1466245                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts               898301                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            152092                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        72133                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              184144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         51756                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       200385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines           91901                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16288                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      1885590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.925093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1701446     90.23%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           9678      0.51%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          15278      0.81%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          22847      1.21%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4           9844      0.52%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11535      0.61%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          11842      0.63%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           8418      0.45%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          94702      5.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      1885590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.057389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.338958                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1446638                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       220594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          182596                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1230                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        34529                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        24682                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1089815                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        34529                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1450444                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         74439                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       133917                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          180118                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        12140                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1086901                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2733                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          941                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1486578                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5065093                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5065093                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1214640                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         271938                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          247                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          136                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           34368                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       111058                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        60683                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3049                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        12374                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1082552                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          246                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1005351                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1927                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173964                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       408676                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1885590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.533176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.221360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1455584     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       176093      9.34%     86.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95912      5.09%     91.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62720      3.33%     94.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57385      3.04%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17902      0.95%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12586      0.67%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4556      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2852      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1885590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           300     12.13%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1030     41.65%     53.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1143     46.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       827753     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18428      1.83%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          111      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99908      9.94%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59151      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1005351                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.379351                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2473                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002460                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3900692                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1256828                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       986269                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1007824                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4704                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25060                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4416                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          784                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        34529                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         61501                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1483                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1082798                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       111058                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60683                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          136                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          784                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8571                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        18906                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts       990293                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        94436                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15058                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             153458                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         134117                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            59022                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.373669                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent               986381                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count              986269                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          584503                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1483959                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.372151                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.393881                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       727483                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps       887340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196362                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        16603                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1851061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.479368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1489770     80.48%     80.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       173523      9.37%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70846      3.83%     93.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36303      1.96%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27095      1.46%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15397      0.83%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9692      0.52%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7781      0.42%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20654      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1851061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       727483                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps       887340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               142265                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads               85998                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           123238                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          802268                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        17320                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        20654                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            2914109                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2201941                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 26605                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                764597                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            727483                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              887340                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       727483                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.642954                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.642954                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.274503                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.274503                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        4494019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1348884                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1030868                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         151413                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123547                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16294                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        61572                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56987                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14914                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          713                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1458860                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts               893897                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            151413                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        71901                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              183126                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         51337                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       190370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines           91458                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16249                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      1866812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1683686     90.19%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           9573      0.51%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          15219      0.82%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          22805      1.22%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4           9724      0.52%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11448      0.61%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11903      0.64%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           8393      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          94061      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      1866812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.057133                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.337296                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1439721                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       210138                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          181519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1261                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        34170                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        24488                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1083449                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        34170                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1443479                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         81984                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       115592                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          179108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        12476                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1080533                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         1111                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1195                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1478366                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5034236                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5034236                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1208333                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         270030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          243                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           34308                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       110114                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        60381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3068                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        12291                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1076311                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued          999468                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1942                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173088                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       405375                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1866812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.535388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.222457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1438985     77.08%     77.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       175004      9.37%     86.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95908      5.14%     91.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62471      3.35%     94.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56899      3.05%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17757      0.95%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12501      0.67%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4448      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2839      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1866812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           300     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1002     41.27%     53.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1126     46.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       822846     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18354      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          110      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99272      9.93%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58886      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total       999468                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.377131                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2428                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002429                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3870118                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1249707                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       980511                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1001896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4736                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24550                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4404                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        34170                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         70962                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1537                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1076554                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       110114                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          830                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10292                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        18870                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts       984495                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93931                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14973                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             152704                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         133398                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            58773                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.371481                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent               980625                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count              980511                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          581065                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1474384                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.369978                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       723791                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       882728                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194614                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16545                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1832642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1473610     80.41%     80.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       171958      9.38%     89.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70631      3.85%     93.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36252      1.98%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26899      1.47%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15365      0.84%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9668      0.53%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7749      0.42%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20510      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1832642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       723791                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       882728                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               141541                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads               85564                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           122546                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          798117                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        17215                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        20510                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            2889474                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2188863                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 26404                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                783375                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            723791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              882728                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       723791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.661536                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.661536                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.273109                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.273109                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        4467669                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1341018                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1025853                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         185346                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165630                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16286                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123074                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         119802                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10549                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1056206                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            185346                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       130351                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              233959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         53791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        69456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          119653                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15781                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2295867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.513917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.754085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2061908     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          35932      1.57%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          17586      0.77%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          35333      1.54%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          10226      0.45%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          32976      1.44%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           4905      0.21%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8441      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          88560      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2295867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.069937                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398540                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1942179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        83037                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          233320                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          255                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        37070                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        16945                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1175369                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        37070                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1944011                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         55223                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        22665                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          231564                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5328                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1172907                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1532622                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5308042                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5308042                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1210168                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         322429                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           14338                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       216929                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        32661                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7002                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1165287                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1079591                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          993                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232202                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494111                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2295867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825887     79.53%     79.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142660      6.21%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160870      7.01%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92069      4.01%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47822      2.08%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12580      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13345      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          346      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          288      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2295867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1828     58.05%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          720     22.86%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          601     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       843055     78.09%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8040      0.74%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196181     18.17%     97.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32242      2.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1079591                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.407364                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002917                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4459190                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1397647                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1049546                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1082740                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          886                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47740                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        37070                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         50092                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          667                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1165435                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       216929                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32661                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          372                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9968                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7179                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        17147                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1064921                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193074                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             225308                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         161822                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            32234                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.401829                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1050015                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1049546                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          635987                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1367098                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.396027                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.465210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       831426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       930916                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234555                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2258797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.278563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1914400     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       133692      5.92%     90.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87077      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27324      1.21%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46831      2.07%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8604      0.38%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5603      0.25%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4992      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30274      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2258797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       831426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       930916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               200600                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              169189                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           143217                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          812181                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        30274                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3393994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2368042                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 45533                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                354320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            831426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              930916                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       831426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.187520                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.187520                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.313724                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.313724                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        4955612                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1363873                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1253853                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         186318                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166434                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16330                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123695                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         120318                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          502                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1965929                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1062274                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            186318                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       130970                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              235347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         53917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        62996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          120260                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15835                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2301777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.515958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2066430     89.78%     89.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          36102      1.57%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17645      0.77%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          35440      1.54%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          10412      0.45%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          33107      1.44%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           4959      0.22%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           8484      0.37%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          89198      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2301777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070304                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.400830                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1952712                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        76928                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          234733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          247                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37151                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17075                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          354                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1183180                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1560                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37151                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1954580                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         47567                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        24184                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          232916                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         5373                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1180614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1542980                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5344705                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5344705                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1220513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         322453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           75                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           14563                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       217810                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        33173                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          275                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         7068                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1172867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1087112                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          948                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494306                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2301777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1828503     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       144097      6.26%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161503      7.02%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92615      4.02%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48207      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12699      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13513      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          357      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          283      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2301777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1821     57.39%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          736     23.20%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          616     19.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       849408     78.13%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8148      0.75%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196770     18.10%     96.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32712      3.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1087112                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.410202                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3173                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002919                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4480122                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1405336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1057040                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1090285                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          904                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47925                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1318                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37151                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         42343                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          696                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1173016                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           43                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217810                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33173                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           75                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          400                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9997                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7159                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        17156                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1072432                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193761                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             226465                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         162871                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            32704                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.404663                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1057520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1057040                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          640543                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1379997                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.398855                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.464163                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       837466                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       938426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234651                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16052                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2264626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.280984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1917142     84.66%     84.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134992      5.96%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87891      3.88%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27594      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47137      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8727      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5686      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5085      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30372      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2264626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       837466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       938426                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               201737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              169882                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           144325                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          818931                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        11364                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        30372                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3407331                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2383328                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 45668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                348410                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            837466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              938426                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       837466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.164531                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.164531                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316003                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316003                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        4989661                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1374046                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1260886                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         202803                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166106                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21306                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77905                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20561                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          976                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1942134                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1136366                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            202803                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        98466                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              236202                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         59391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       123362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          120269                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21151                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2339535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2103333     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          11004      0.47%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          17254      0.74%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          23126      0.99%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          24157      1.03%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          20479      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          11059      0.47%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          17049      0.73%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         112074      4.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2339535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.076524                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.428787                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1922150                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       143764                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          235570                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        37670                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        33091                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1393204                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        37670                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1927870                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         21885                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       109443                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          230214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        12451                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1391433                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1943286                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6470905                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6470905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1651136                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         292136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          162                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           39188                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       130878                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        69471                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          791                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        15504                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1388101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1306925                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172802                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       422734                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2339535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.558626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1788372     76.44%     76.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       225507      9.64%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114553      4.90%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87295      3.73%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68255      2.92%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27557      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17668      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9010      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1318      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2339535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           305     13.10%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          842     36.15%     49.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1182     50.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1099846     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19493      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          162      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118234      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69190      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1306925                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.493144                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4955972                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1561234                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1285434                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1309254                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2681                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1246                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        37670                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         18870                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1261                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1388425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130878                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69471                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1069                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11680                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12529                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24209                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1287373                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111133                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19552                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             180309                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         182467                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            69176                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.485767                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1285500                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1285434                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          739051                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1993230                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.485035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.370781                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       962594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1184557                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203873                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          324                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21382                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2301865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.514608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1816260     78.90%     78.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       240404     10.44%     89.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91193      3.96%     93.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43205      1.88%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36165      1.57%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21189      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18909      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8227      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26313      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2301865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       962594                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1184557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               175475                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              107250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           170888                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1067211                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        24397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        26313                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3663982                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2814534                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 31068                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                310652                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            962594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1184557                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       962594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.753172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.753172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.363217                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.363217                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5792329                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1792414                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1289973                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         182358                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164182                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11231                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        70323                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          63381                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9810                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          502                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1917479                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1142347                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            182358                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        73191                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              225242                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         35947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       245299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          111646                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11101                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2412481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.556069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.863598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2187239     90.66%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           7781      0.32%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          16742      0.69%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           6946      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          36391      1.51%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          33009      1.37%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6377      0.26%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          13437      0.56%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         104559      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2412481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068809                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.431044                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1898231                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       264943                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          224259                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          761                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        24279                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        16142                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1338629                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        24279                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1901322                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        227216                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        25614                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          222065                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        11977                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1336870                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         4596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2585                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1577251                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6289406                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6289406                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1360225                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         217014                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           23377                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       312650                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       156885                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1395                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         7501                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1332258                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1267937                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125257                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309322                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2412481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.314525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1955961     81.08%     81.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139957      5.80%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112817      4.68%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        49028      2.03%     93.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60867      2.52%     96.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57070      2.37%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32539      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2726      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1516      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2412481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3110     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24089     86.34%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          702      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       798080     62.94%     62.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11044      0.87%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       302633     23.87%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       156105     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1267937                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.478433                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27901                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022005                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4977459                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1457723                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1255329                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1295838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2292                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15939                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1785                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        24279                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        220342                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2286                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1332419                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       312650                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       156885                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1501                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5780                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7021                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        12801                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1258022                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       301588                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9915                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             457648                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         164641                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           156060                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.474692                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1255435                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1255329                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          679513                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1343033                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.473676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.505954                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1009983                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1186986                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145579                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        11268                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2388202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.497021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1954905     81.86%     81.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159960      6.70%     88.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        74430      3.12%     91.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        73111      3.06%     94.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19829      0.83%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83577      3.50%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6420      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4648      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11322      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2388202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1009983                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1186986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               451804                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              296704                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           156806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1055478                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        11503                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        11322                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3709445                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2689427                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 42512                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                237706                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1009983                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1186986                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1009983                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.623992                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.623992                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.381099                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.381099                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6212516                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1462296                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1585941                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         204250                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167299                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21459                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82738                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78448                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1956342                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1144809                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            204250                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        99162                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              237943                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         59816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       116621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          121149                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21304                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2111069     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          11097      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17382      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          23300      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          24325      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          20620      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          11135      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          17164      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         112920      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2349012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077070                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.431973                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1936140                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       137240                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          237308                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        33321                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1403480                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1941898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         23421                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       101287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          231919                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12546                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1401708                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1957857                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6518675                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6518675                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1663604                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         294248                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           39479                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       131815                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        69974                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          796                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15624                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398357                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316627                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          262                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173986                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425688                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1793716     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227216      9.67%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115412      4.91%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87964      3.74%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68760      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27740      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17796      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9085      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1323      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108006     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19656      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119111      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69691      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316627                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.496805                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4984875                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1572678                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1294975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2700                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23782                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         20364                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1285                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398685                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131815                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69974                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1089                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11768                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12617                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24385                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296933                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             181629                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         183779                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            69677                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.489374                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1295039                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1294975                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          744645                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2007987                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.488635                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205287                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21538                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1821838     78.83%     78.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242210     10.48%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91871      3.98%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43520      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36435      1.58%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21349      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19053      0.82%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8293      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26504      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       969851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1193398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               176746                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              108030                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           172122                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1075197                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        24571                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        26504                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3683254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2835318                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 31298                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                301175                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            969851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1193398                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       969851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.732571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.732571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.365956                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.365956                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5835431                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1805916                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1299542                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2650181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         202772                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166078                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82158                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20559                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          976                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1941870                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1136211                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            202772                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        98449                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              236165                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         59383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       118108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          120253                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21149                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2333975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2097810     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11001      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17249      0.74%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          23123      0.99%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          24151      1.03%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          20476      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11057      0.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          17048      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         112060      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2333975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.076513                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.428730                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1921859                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       138536                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          235533                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        37665                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        33088                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1393013                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        37665                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1927579                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         21887                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       104207                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          230178                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12457                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1391248                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1943030                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6470045                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6470045                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1650929                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         292101                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          162                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           39196                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       130858                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        69463                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          791                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15504                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1387924                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1306758                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172787                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       422702                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2333975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1782885     76.39%     76.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       225485      9.66%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114524      4.91%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87281      3.74%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68253      2.92%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27554      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17667      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9010      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1316      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2333975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           305     13.10%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          842     36.15%     49.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1182     50.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1099704     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19493      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          162      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118217      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69182      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1306758                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.493083                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4950078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1561042                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1285266                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1309087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2678                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1246                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        37665                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         18872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1262                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1388248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130858                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69463                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1069                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11679                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12527                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24206                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1287209                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111117                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             180285                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         182440                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            69168                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.485706                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1285332                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1285266                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          738960                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1992969                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.484973                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370783                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       962473                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1184404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203849                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          324                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21379                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2296310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.515786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1810771     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       240376     10.47%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91176      3.97%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43192      1.88%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36164      1.57%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21188      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18908      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8224      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26311      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2296310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       962473                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1184404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               175450                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              107233                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           170863                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1067077                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        24395                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        26311                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3658252                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2814175                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 31068                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                316206                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            962473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1184404                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       962473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.753512                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.753512                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.363173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.363173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5791584                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1792183                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1289796                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         204464                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167467                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21487                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82825                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20742                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          983                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1958676                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1145881                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            204464                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        99288                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              238179                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         59884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       114733                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          121292                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21333                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2111555     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          11110      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17399      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          23329      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          24349      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          20644      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11152      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          17190      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         113006      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2349734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077151                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.432377                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1938463                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       135362                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          237547                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37980                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        33360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1404803                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37980                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1944222                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         20377                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       102436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          232158                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1403085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1959785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6525019                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6525019                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1665292                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         294493                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           39476                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       131941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        70037                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15639                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399759                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1317989                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174142                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425919                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1793881     76.34%     76.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227437      9.68%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115520      4.92%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88059      3.75%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68830      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27774      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17812      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9095      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1326      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           308     13.12%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.20%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1109172     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19672      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119228      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69754      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1317989                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.497319                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4988320                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1574236                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1296307                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1320337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23801                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37980                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         17324                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1280                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400087                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70037                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11788                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12629                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24417                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1298264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112062                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             181802                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         183982                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            69740                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.489876                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1296373                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1296307                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          745367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2009898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.489138                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370848                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       970826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1194619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205473                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21567                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1822016     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242464     10.49%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91956      3.98%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43568      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36472      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21369      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19081      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8304      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26524      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       970826                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1194619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               176919                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              108140                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           172314                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1076299                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        24603                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        26524                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3685322                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2838168                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 31339                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                300453                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            970826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1194619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       970826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.729827                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.729827                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.366324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.366324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5841379                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1807777                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1300763                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          340                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         112041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        46.918342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.133603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   173.548625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1855.317773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.084741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.905917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 340                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      309804166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.466392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.029458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.029458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    21.211084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    32.168520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1951.620397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.010357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.015707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.952940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    103816811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     61683491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     165500302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    103816811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     61683491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      165500302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    103816811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     61683491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     165500302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3707743.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868781.563380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1671720.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3707743.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868781.563380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1671720.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3707743.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 868781.563380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1671720.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101357599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     55449080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156806679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101357599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     55449080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156806679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101357599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     55449080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156806679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3619914.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 780972.957746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1583905.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3619914.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 780972.957746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1583905.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3619914.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 780972.957746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1583905.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          166                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          47133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        21.288618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.261389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    85.483211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1916.255400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.005987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.041740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.935672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          282                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   282                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 166                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8251599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    124487069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     132738668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8251599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    124487069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      132738668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8251599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    124487069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     132738668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.370536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.370536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.370536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 634738.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813640.973856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 799630.530120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 634738.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813640.973856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 799630.530120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 634738.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813640.973856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 799630.530120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 22                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      22                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7110199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    111053669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118163868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7110199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    111053669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118163868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7110199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    111053669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118163868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 546938.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725840.973856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711830.530120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 546938.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725840.973856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711830.530120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 546938.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725840.973856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711830.530120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          342                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         112036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        46.876987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.132073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   173.425579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1855.442348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.084680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.905978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            116                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 116                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          386                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   386                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 342                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9484843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310541905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     320026748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9484843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310541905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      320026748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9484843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310541905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     320026748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.469780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.469780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.469780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 677488.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 946774.100610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935750.725146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 677488.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 946774.100610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935750.725146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 677488.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 946774.100610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935750.725146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 73                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      73                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8255643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281734464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289990107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8255643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281734464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289990107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8255643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281734464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289990107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 589688.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 858946.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847924.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 589688.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 858946.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847924.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 589688.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 858946.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847924.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          337                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         112048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        46.980294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.137215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   172.906320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1855.956465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.084427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.906229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          395                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   395                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 337                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12329829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291507814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     303837643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12329829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291507814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      303837643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12329829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291507814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     303837643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 880702.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 902500.972136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 901595.379822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 880702.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 902500.972136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 901595.379822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 880702.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 902500.972136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 901595.379822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11100629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    263143980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274244609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11100629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    263143980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    274244609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11100629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    263143980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    274244609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 792902.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 814687.244582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813782.222552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 792902.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 814687.244582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813782.222552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 792902.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 814687.244582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813782.222552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          196                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2046.786579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         132716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        59.142602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.183842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.574398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    84.590589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1863.437750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.041304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.909882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          380                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 196                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47761692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    174632893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     222394585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47761692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    174632893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      222394585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47761692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    174632893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     222394585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.313297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.341463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1990070.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1015307.517442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1134666.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1990070.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1015307.517442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1134666.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1990070.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1015307.517442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1134666.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                116                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     116                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     45654492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    159619093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205273585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     45654492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    159619093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    205273585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     45654492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    159619093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    205273585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.313297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1902270.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 928017.982558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1047314.209184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1902270.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 928017.982558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1047314.209184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1902270.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 928017.982558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1047314.209184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.081618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         128856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        60.016768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.081618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.228186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    32.324431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1951.447383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.010365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.015783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.952855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104696840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61951789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     166648629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104696840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61951789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      166648629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104696840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61951789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     166648629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.197222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.253846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.197222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.253846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3739172.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 872560.408451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1683319.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3739172.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 872560.408451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1683319.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3739172.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 872560.408451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1683319.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    102237781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     55716292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157954073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    102237781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     55716292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157954073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    102237781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     55716292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157954073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.197222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.197222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3651349.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 784736.507042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1595495.686869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3651349.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 784736.507042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1595495.686869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3651349.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 784736.507042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1595495.686869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          519                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2044.145486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          86013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        33.559501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks         120.803324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.198856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   227.604708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1683.538598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.058986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.005956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.111135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.822040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.998118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            365                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 365                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          318                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   318                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          498                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 511                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11859768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    447360882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     459220650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34777496                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34777496                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11859768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    482138378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      493998146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11859768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    482138378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     493998146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          365                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             365                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.591784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.598485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.610294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.616405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.610294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.616405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 912289.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 970414.060738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 968819.936709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 939932.324324                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939932.324324                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 912289.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 968149.353414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966728.270059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 912289.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 968149.353414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966728.270059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                272                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     272                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10718368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    406879420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    417597788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31528896                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31528896                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10718368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    438408316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    449126684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10718368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    438408316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    449126684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.591784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.610294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.610294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 824489.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 882601.778742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881007.991561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 852132.324324                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852132.324324                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 824489.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 880337.983936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878917.189824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 824489.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 880337.983936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878917.189824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          524                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2044.041887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          86015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        33.468872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks         120.164558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.202537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   230.528925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1681.145866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.058674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.005958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.112563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.820872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.998067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            366                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 366                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          320                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   320                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          505                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 518                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12079552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    479926701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     492006253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     35921499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35921499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12079552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    515848200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      527927752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12079552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    515848200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     527927752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          366                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             366                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.593393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.612121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.618138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.612121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.618138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 929196.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1027680.301927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1025013.027083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 945302.605263                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945302.605263                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 929196.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1021481.584158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1019165.544402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 929196.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1021481.584158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1019165.544402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                275                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     275                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10937710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    438922511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    449860221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32584824                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32584824                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10937710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    471507335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    482445045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10937710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    471507335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    482445045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.593393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.612121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.612121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 841362.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 939876.897216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 937208.793750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 857495.368421                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857495.368421                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 841362.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 933677.891089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 931361.090734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 841362.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 933677.891089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 931361.090734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          47127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        21.276298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.053407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    84.484878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1917.461715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.041252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.936261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 167                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9238425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    127815801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     137054226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9238425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    127815801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      137054226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9238425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    127815801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     137054226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.376975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 710648.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829972.733766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820683.988024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 710648.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829972.733766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820683.988024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 710648.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829972.733766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820683.988024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8092997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    114205103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122298100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8092997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    114205103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122298100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8092997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    114205103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122298100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 622538.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 741591.577922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732323.952096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 622538.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 741591.577922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732323.952096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 622538.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 741591.577922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732323.952096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          169                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          47127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        21.257104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.065611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    85.209308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1916.725081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.041606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.935901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 169                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9842159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123702451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     133544610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9842159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123702451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      133544610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9842159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123702451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     133544610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.379775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.379775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.379775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 757089.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 792964.429487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790204.792899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 757089.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 792964.429487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790204.792899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 757089.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 792964.429487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790204.792899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8700759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110005651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118706410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8700759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110005651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118706410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8700759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110005651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118706410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 669289.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 705164.429487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702404.792899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 669289.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 705164.429487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702404.792899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 669289.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 705164.429487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702404.792899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          133                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.075739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         115810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        53.099496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.075739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.621660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    59.889886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1945.488453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.029243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.949946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             88                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  88                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 133                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10598107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106789310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     117387417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10598107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106789310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      117387417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10598107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106789310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     117387417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           88                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              88                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.327586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 757007.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 897389.159664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882612.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 757007.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 897389.159664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882612.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 757007.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 897389.159664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882612.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 62                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      62                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9368657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96334969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105703626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9368657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96334969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105703626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9368657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96334969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105703626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 669189.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 809537.554622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794764.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 669189.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 809537.554622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794764.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 669189.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 809537.554622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794764.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          339                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         112048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        46.940930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.147914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   174.256159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1854.595927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.085086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.905564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   395                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          325                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 339                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11087764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    288414777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     299502541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11087764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    288414777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      299502541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11087764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    288414777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     299502541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.451389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.461853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.451389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.451389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 791983.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 887430.083077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883488.321534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 791983.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 887430.083077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883488.321534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 791983.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 887430.083077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883488.321534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9858345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    259877776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269736121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9858345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    259877776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    269736121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9858345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    259877776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    269736121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.451389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.451389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.451389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 704167.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 799623.926154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795681.772861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 704167.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 799623.926154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795681.772861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 704167.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 799623.926154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795681.772861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.088820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.088820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.618566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    60.637490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1944.743944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.029608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.949582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18232993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    101354950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     119587943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18232993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    101354950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      119587943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18232993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    101354950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     119587943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1302356.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 837644.214876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885836.614815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1302356.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 837644.214876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885836.614815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1302356.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 837644.214876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885836.614815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17003793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90729518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107733311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17003793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90729518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107733311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17003793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90729518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107733311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1214556.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749830.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798024.525926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1214556.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749830.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798024.525926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1214556.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749830.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798024.525926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          133                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.075264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         115810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        53.099496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.075264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.620044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    59.863673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1945.516283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.029230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.949959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             88                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  88                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 133                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11860293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    106392257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     118252550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11860293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    106392257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      118252550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11860293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    106392257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     118252550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           88                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              88                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.327586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 847163.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 894052.579832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889116.917293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 847163.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 894052.579832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889116.917293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 847163.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 894052.579832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889116.917293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 62                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      62                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10631093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     95941680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106572773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10631093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     95941680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106572773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10631093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     95941680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106572773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 759363.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806232.605042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801299.045113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 759363.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806232.605042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801299.045113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 759363.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806232.605042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801299.045113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.086162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.086162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.627430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    60.610677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1944.761893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.029595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.949591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12506079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     97032689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     109538768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12506079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     97032689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      109538768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12506079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     97032689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     109538768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 893291.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 801923.049587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811398.281481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 893291.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 801923.049587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811398.281481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 893291.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 801923.049587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811398.281481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11276879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     86404937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97681816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11276879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     86404937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97681816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11276879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     86404937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97681816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 805491.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 714090.388430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723569.007407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 805491.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 714090.388430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723569.007407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 805491.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 714090.388430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723569.007407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.132490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.991023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.132490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             289630.529351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.466915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.533085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.392449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.607551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              477.411756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              735286989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1516055.647423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.411756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.035916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         126148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        126148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    152163383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152163383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    152163383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    152163383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    152163383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    152163383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       126189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       126189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3711302.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3711302.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3711302.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3711302.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3711302.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3711302.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2878394                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 959464.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    104178625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104178625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    104178625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104178625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    104178625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104178625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3472620.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3472620.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3472620.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3472620.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3472620.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3472620.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              106637887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             173677.340391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   131.502961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   124.497039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.513683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.486317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        99007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        72796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       171803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         171803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       171803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        171803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    195264573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195264573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       542840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    195807413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195807413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    195807413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195807413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        99931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       172734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       172734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 211325.295455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 211325.295455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 77548.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77548.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 210319.455424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 210319.455424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 210319.455424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 210319.455424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     80715702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80715702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       133385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     80849087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80849087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     80849087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80849087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 226729.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226729.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66692.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66692.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 225835.438547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225835.438547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 225835.438547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225835.438547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              538.260356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              627186599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1163611.500928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.260356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.019648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         120058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        120058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9430277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9430277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9430277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9430277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9430277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9430277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       120072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       120072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 673591.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 673591.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 673591.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 673591.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 673591.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 673591.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8359937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8359937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8359937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8359937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8359937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8359937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 643072.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643072.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 643072.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643072.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 643072.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643072.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              147689450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             213732.923300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   139.200857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   116.799143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.543753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.456247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       177648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       209052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         209052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       209052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        209052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    653459501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    653459501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    653459501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    653459501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    653459501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    653459501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       179144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        31404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       210548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       210548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.007105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.007105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436804.479278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436804.479278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436804.479278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436804.479278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436804.479278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436804.479278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    144239175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144239175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    144239175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144239175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    144239175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144239175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331584.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331584.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331584.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331584.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331584.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331584.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              556.130961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750118008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1346710.965889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.130961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         110176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        110176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11509885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11509885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11509885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11509885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11509885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11509885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       110193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       110193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 677052.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 677052.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 677052.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 677052.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 677052.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 677052.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9602186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9602186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9602186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9602186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9602186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9602186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 685870.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 685870.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 685870.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 685870.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 685870.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 685870.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              281230468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             289928.317526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   100.451514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   155.548486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.392389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.607611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       280100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       432708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         432708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       432708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        432708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1360257595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1360257595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1360257595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1360257595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1360257595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1360257595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       282773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       282773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       152608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       435381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       435381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 508887.989151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 508887.989151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 508887.989151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 508887.989151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 508887.989151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 508887.989151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    339483989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    339483989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    339483989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    339483989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    339483989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    339483989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475467.771709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475467.771709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475467.771709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475467.771709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475467.771709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475467.771709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              556.136103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750118904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1346712.574506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.136103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.021051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         111072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        111072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     14993131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14993131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     14993131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14993131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     14993131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14993131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       111089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       111089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 881948.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 881948.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 881948.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 881948.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 881948.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 881948.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12447002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12447002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12447002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12447002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12447002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12447002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 889071.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889071.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 889071.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889071.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 889071.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889071.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  718                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              281232618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             288739.854209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   100.529932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   155.470068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.392695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.607305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       281468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        281468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       153390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       153390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       434858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         434858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       434858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        434858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1292131225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1292131225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1292131225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1292131225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1292131225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1292131225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       284166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       284166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       153390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       153390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       437556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       437556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       437556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       437556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 478921.877317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 478921.877317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 478921.877317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 478921.877317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 478921.877317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 478921.877317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    321041897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    321041897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    321041897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    321041897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    321041897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    321041897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 447133.561281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447133.561281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 447133.561281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447133.561281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 447133.561281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447133.561281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              501.073477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              732331241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1444440.317554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.073477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.030566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         116092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        116092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82069596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82069596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82069596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82069596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82069596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82069596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       116131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       116131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2104348.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2104348.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2104348.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2104348.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2104348.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2104348.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48026482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48026482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48026482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48026482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48026482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48026482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1921059.280000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921059.280000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1921059.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921059.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1921059.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921059.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  551                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              115433334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             143040.066914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   161.103623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    94.896377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.629311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.370689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        79945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        67003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       146948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         146948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       146948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        146948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    756744682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    756744682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34085895                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34085895                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    790830577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    790830577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    790830577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    790830577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        81763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        67066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       148829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       148829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.022235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 416251.200220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 416251.200220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 541045.952381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 541045.952381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 420430.928761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 420430.928761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 420430.928761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 420430.928761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       527099                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       527099                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    200858482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200858482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    201050782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    201050782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    201050782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    201050782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 365862.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 365862.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 364222.431159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364222.431159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 364222.431159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364222.431159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              477.430428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              735287410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1516056.515464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.430428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.035946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         126569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        126569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    154068935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154068935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    154068935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    154068935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    154068935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    154068935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       126609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       126609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3851723.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3851723.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3851723.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3851723.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3851723.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3851723.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2259442                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 376573.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105058603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105058603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105058603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105058603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105058603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105058603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3501953.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3501953.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3501953.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3501953.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3501953.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3501953.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  360                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              106638457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             173114.378247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   131.747380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   124.252620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.514638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.485362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        73039                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73039                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       172369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         172369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       172369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        172369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    192578509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    192578509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       542483                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542483                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    193120992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    193120992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    193120992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    193120992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       100260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        73046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       173306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       173306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 207073.665591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 207073.665591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 77497.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77497.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 206105.647812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 206105.647812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 206105.647812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 206105.647812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     81124832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81124832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       133334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     81258166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81258166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     81258166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81258166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 226605.675978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226605.675978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        66667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225717.127778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225717.127778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225717.127778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225717.127778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              501.578552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              735382867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1464906.109562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.578552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.020158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst        91880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst        91880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total          91880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst        91880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total         91880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19747572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19747572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19747572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19747572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19747572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19747572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst        91901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst        91901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total        91901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst        91901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total        91901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 940360.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 940360.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 940360.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 940360.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 940360.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 940360.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11967747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11967747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11967747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11967747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11967747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11967747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 920595.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920595.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 920595.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920595.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 920595.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920595.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  816                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              122564956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             114332.981343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   182.784321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    73.215679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.714001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.285999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        69312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        55634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       124946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         124946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       124946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        124946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1240756400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1240756400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    311578776                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    311578776                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1552335176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1552335176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1552335176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1552335176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        55971                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55971                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       127271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       127271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       127271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       127271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.027882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.018268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.018268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 624122.937626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 624122.937626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 924566.100890                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924566.100890                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 667671.043441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 667671.043441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 667671.043441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 667671.043441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1509                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1509                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    472492645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    472492645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     35089595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35089595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    507582240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507582240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    507582240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507582240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000661                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000661                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 606537.413350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 606537.413350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 948367.432432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948367.432432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 622037.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 622037.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 622037.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 622037.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.583955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              735382425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1464905.229084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.583955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        91438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        91438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total          91438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        91438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total         91438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16320835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16320835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16320835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16320835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16320835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16320835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        91458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        91458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total        91458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        91458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total        91458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 816041.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816041.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 816041.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816041.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 816041.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816041.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12187529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12187529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12187529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12187529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12187529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12187529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 937502.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 937502.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 937502.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 937502.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 937502.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 937502.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  825                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              122564213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             113380.400555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   183.720994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    72.279006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.717660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.282340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        68857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        55345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       124202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         124202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       124202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        124202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1291670236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1291670236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    310440393                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    310440393                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1602110629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1602110629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1602110629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1602110629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        70869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       126551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       126551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.028390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.018562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.018562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 641983.218688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 641983.218688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 921188.109792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921188.109792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 682039.433376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 682039.433376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 682039.433376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 682039.433376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    505272279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    505272279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     36236899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36236899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    541509178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    541509178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    541509178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    541509178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000682                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000682                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 642023.226175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 642023.226175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 953602.605263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 953602.605263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 656374.761212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 656374.761212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 656374.761212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 656374.761212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              538.052370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              627186181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1163610.725417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.052370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.019315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       119640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       119640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         119640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       119640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        119640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9482825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9482825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9482825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9482825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9482825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9482825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       119653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       119653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       119653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       119653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       119653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 729448.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 729448.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 729448.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 729448.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 729448.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 729448.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9346325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9346325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9346325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9346325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9346325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9346325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 718948.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718948.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 718948.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718948.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 718948.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718948.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              147689138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             215290.288630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   138.061184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   117.938816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.539301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.460699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       177479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       208740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         208740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       208740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        208740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    672534288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    672534288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    672534288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    672534288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    672534288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    672534288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       178980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       178980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        31261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       210241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       210241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.007139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.007139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 448057.487009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448057.487009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 448057.487009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448057.487009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 448057.487009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448057.487009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1071                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1071                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    147189293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147189293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    147189293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147189293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    147189293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147189293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342300.681395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342300.681395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342300.681395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342300.681395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342300.681395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342300.681395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              538.064578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              627186788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1163611.851577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.064578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         120247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        120247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10087259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10087259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10087259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10087259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10087259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10087259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       120260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       120260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       775943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       775943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       775943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       775943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       775943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       775943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9950759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9950759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9950759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9950759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9950759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9950759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       765443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       765443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       765443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       765443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       765443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       765443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              147690077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             214665.809593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   138.489020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   117.510980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.540973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.459027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       177972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       209679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         209679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       209679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        209679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    623841279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    623841279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    623841279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    623841279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    623841279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    623841279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       179460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        31707                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31707                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       211167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       211167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       211167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       211167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.007047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.007047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 419248.171371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419248.171371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 419248.171371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419248.171371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 419248.171371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419248.171371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    143092279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143092279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    143092279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143092279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    143092279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143092279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 331232.127315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331232.127315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 331232.127315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331232.127315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 331232.127315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331232.127315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              488.620548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              731813919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1496551.981595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.620548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         120253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        120253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12229094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12229094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12229094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12229094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12229094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12229094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       120269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       120269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 764318.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 764318.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 764318.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 764318.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 764318.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 764318.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10714991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10714991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10714991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10714991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10714991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10714991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 765356.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765356.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 765356.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765356.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 765356.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765356.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              110540748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             170587.574074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   143.903418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   112.096582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.562123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.437877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        81363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        67919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       149282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         149282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       149282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        149282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    461648758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    461648758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    461648758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    461648758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    461648758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    461648758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        67919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       150576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       150576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       150576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       150576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 356761.018547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 356761.018547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 356761.018547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 356761.018547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 356761.018547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 356761.018547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          902                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125440653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125440653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125440653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125440653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125440653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125440653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320001.665816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320001.665816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320001.665816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320001.665816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320001.665816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320001.665816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              556.146802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750119461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1346713.574506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.146802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.021069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       111629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       111629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         111629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       111629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        111629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14390538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14390538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14390538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14390538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14390538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14390538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       111646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       111646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       111646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       111646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       111646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 846502.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846502.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 846502.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 846502.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 846502.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 846502.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11204794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11204794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11204794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11204794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11204794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11204794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 800342.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800342.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 800342.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800342.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 800342.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800342.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              281237263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             288152.933402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   100.692689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   155.307311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.393331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.606669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       284553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        284553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       154950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       154950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       439503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         439503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       439503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        439503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1264354207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1264354207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1264354207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1264354207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1264354207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1264354207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       287262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       287262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       154950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       154950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       442212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       442212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       442212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       442212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 466723.590624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466723.590624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 466723.590624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466723.590624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 466723.590624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466723.590624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1989                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1989                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    317948667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    317948667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    317948667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    317948667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    317948667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    317948667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 441595.370833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 441595.370833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 441595.370833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 441595.370833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 441595.370833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 441595.370833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              488.617453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              731814799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1496553.781186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.617453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         121133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        121133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     19904163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19904163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     19904163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19904163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     19904163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19904163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       121149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       121149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1244010.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1244010.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1244010.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1244010.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1244010.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1244010.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18349193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18349193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18349193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18349193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18349193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18349193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1310656.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1310656.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1310656.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1310656.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1310656.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1310656.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              110541839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             169283.061256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   144.813850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   111.186150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.565679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.434321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        81962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        68407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       150369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         150369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       150369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        150369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447196274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    447196274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447196274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    447196274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447196274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    447196274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        83275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        68407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       151682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       151682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340591.221630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340591.221630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340591.221630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340591.221630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340591.221630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340591.221630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120208032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120208032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120208032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120208032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120208032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120208032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 302791.012594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302791.012594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 302791.012594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302791.012594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 302791.012594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302791.012594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              488.618930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              731813902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1496551.946830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.618930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.021825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         120236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        120236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13621909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13621909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13621909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13621909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13621909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13621909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       120253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       120253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 801288.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 801288.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 801288.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 801288.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 801288.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 801288.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11979439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11979439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11979439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11979439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11979439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11979439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 855674.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855674.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 855674.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855674.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 855674.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855674.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              110540733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             170587.550926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   143.910780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   112.089220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.562151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.437849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        81356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        67911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       149267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         149267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       149267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        149267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    462963229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    462963229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    462963229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    462963229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    462963229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    462963229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        67911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       150561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       150561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       150561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       150561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 357776.838485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 357776.838485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 357776.838485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 357776.838485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 357776.838485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 357776.838485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          902                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125044106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125044106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125044106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125044106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125044106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125044106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 318990.066327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318990.066327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 318990.066327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318990.066327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 318990.066327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318990.066327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              488.626317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              731814937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1496554.063395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.626317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         121271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        121271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     16321562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16321562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     16321562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16321562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     16321562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16321562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       121292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       121292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 777217.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 777217.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 777217.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 777217.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 777217.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 777217.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12622279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12622279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12622279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12622279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12622279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12622279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 901591.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901591.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 901591.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901591.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 901591.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901591.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              110541984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             169283.283308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   144.770594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   111.229406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.565510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.434490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        82044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        68470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       150514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         150514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       150514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        150514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    443830270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    443830270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    443830270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    443830270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    443830270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    443830270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        83357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        68470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       151827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       151827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 338027.623762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338027.623762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 338027.623762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338027.623762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 338027.623762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338027.623762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    115886698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115886698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    115886698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115886698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    115886698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115886698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 291906.040302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291906.040302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 291906.040302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291906.040302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 291906.040302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291906.040302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
