
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.111531                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                111530909238                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               639306285783                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 303686                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   387345                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1958750                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67761288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56939.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17291817420                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22055370585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3733760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4430080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4422656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1536256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1105280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2318592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2321664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2321280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2383104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2323328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2320384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1533184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4422144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4417280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4434432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             45635968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9473920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9473920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        29170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        34610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        34552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        12002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         8635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        18114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        18138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        18135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        18618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        18151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        18128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        11978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        34548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        34510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        34644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                356531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13751309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33477356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39720648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39654084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13774262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9910078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20788784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        39021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20816328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20812885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21367207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        39021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20831248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        39021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20804851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        50497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13746718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39649493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39605882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39759669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               409177763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        39021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        39021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        39021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        50497                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             706961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84944345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84944345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84944345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13751309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        45907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33477356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        49350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39720648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        44759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39654084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13774262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9910078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20788784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        39021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20816328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        39021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20812885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        44759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21367207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        39021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20831248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        39021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20804851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        50497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13746718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39649493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39605882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        45907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39759669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              494122108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              267460215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20644063                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16890046                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023985                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8652553                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8138962                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136226                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92381                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199139118                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115391068                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20644063                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10275188                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24099368                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5499306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     10825019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12182751                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025176                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    237512584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      213413216     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1123433      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1783698      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2421130      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2490047      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2106866      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1177762      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1754621      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11241811      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    237512584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077186                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431433                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197090345                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     12891195                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24055022                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        27310                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3448707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398955                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141622627                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1945                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3448707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197627263                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1770053                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      9869370                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23551533                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1245653                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141571703                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       185605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       534059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197557255                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658567502                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658567502                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26011720                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35551                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18683                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3693181                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13265435                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7183681                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84458                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1739250                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141413212                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35671                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134428544                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18409                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15430786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36752976                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1663                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237512584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180579619     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23452076      9.87%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11870314      5.00%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8914814      3.75%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7013898      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836457      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1788844      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932039      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124523      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237512584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25232     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81844     36.64%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116321     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113068094     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001309      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12181413      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160866      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134428544                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.502611                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223397                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506611476                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156880209                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132403794                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134651941                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272435                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2121154                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          102                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          543                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94078                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3448707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1467828                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121854                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141449025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13265435                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7183681                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18688                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102691                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          543                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181265                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312274                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132563299                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11461388                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1865243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18621980                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18843999                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160592                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.495637                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132404000                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132403794                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75997527                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204787566                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.495041                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18400083                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049490                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234063877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183555005     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25044894     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9453528      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4506887      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3815781      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2180255      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1894115      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860049      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2753363      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234063877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2753363                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          372758855                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286346830                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3020749                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              29947631                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.674602                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.674602                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.373887                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.373887                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596648338                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184438822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131278005                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              267459714                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18803089                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15378993                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1836734                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7763570                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7415790                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1930626                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81129                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182433186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            106719072                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18803089                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9346416                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            22362742                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5351903                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      8584568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11220715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1848763                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    216855086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      194492344     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1216336      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1915720      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3046271      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1264358      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1407745      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1506220      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         981942      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11024150      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    216855086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070303                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.399010                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      180698365                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     10333012                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        22292816                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        56771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3474118                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3081374                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    130305826                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2915                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3474118                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      180976365                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2006915                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      7505725                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        22076692                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       815267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    130218903                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        31156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       222927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       300864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        58048                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    180765970                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    605777899                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    605777899                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    154178363                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       26587394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        33604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18697                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2403239                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12408047                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6670894                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       201313                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1519168                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        130030743                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33707                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       123025288                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155077                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16522294                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36932910                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3641                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216855086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    164954371     76.07%     76.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20850519      9.61%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11383868      5.25%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7766612      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7257447      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2085614      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1625538      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       552825      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       378292      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216855086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28539     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87886     38.65%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110966     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103057845     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1946892      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14906      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11369720      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6635925      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    123025288                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459977                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227391                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463288130                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146588095                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121053989                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    123252679                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       371533                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2232124                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          332                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1386                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       202127                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7640                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3474118                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1251874                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       110653                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130064601                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54034                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12408047                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6670894                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18689                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        81442                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1386                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1073812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1049925                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2123737                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121279141                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10693293                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1746147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 151                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           17327601                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17068230                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6634308                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.453448                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            121054825                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           121053989                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        70775075                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       184915311                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452606                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382743                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90563755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    111008015                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19056915                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30066                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1875964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213380968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168319754     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21824982     10.23%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8494517      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4574374      2.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3427534      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1911921      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1182940      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1056072      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2588874      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213380968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     90563755                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    111008015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             16644662                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10175902                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15000                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15934743                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       100026476                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2255077                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2588874                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          340856413                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         263604369                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2957851                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              50604628                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          90563755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           111008015                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     90563755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.953275                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.953275                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.338607                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.338607                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      546892000                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     167788038                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     121545463                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        30038                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              267460215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18079631                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16315023                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       947198                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6741384                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6460692                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         997121                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41884                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191775779                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            113618845                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18079631                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      7457813                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22471736                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       2992297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     26726971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11001777                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       951112                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    242998739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      220527003     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         801011      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1637294      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         699316      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        3730115      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3332314      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         641546      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1347962      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10282178      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    242998739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067597                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.424807                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      189776665                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     28741105                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22388047                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        71925                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2020992                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1586213                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          496                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    133233485                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2785                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2020992                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      190031357                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles      26719964                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1155456                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22235875                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       835088                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    133161357                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       427809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       276453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5506                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    156347467                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    627133888                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    627133888                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    138559930                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       17787525                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        15446                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7799                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1949232                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     31412197                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     15880122                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145676                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       771269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        132900363                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       127678162                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73490                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10370699                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25002559                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242998739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197137714     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14006897      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11332557      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4896293      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6114683      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5792067      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3293611      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262797      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162120      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242998739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        321936     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2454481     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71673      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80100555     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1115306      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7644      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30612493     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15842164     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    127678162                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.477373                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2848090                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501276643                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143289851                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126586954                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    130526252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228588                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1232182                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          483                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3301                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99943                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11253                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2020992                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles      26066032                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       252872                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132915948                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1247                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31412197                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15880122                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7800                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       156015                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           89                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3301                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       550234                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       561451                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1111685                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126787082                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30513063                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       891080                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           46353671                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16614933                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         15840608                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.474041                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            126590275                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           126586954                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        68393533                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       135064190                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473293                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506378                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102844507                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    120859270                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12071261                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15408                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       967935                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240977747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196977080     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16197626      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7542398      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7413807      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2054956      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8484366      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       647423      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471493      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1188598      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240977747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    102844507                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    120859270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             45960187                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            30180008                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7692                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15960551                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       107472657                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1170738                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1188598                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          372719368                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         267882237                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4116387                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              24461476                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         102844507                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           120859270                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    102844507                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.600627                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.600627                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384523                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384523                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      626769545                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     147005849                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     158607784                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        15384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              267460215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       18047656                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16288482                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       945424                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6794821                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6461641                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         993192                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41720                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191476465                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            113401937                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          18047656                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7454833                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            22438544                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       2984320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     26759866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10984365                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       949485                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    242691315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      220252771     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         798470      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1644739      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         701524      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3726324      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3317504      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         642828      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1340079      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10267076      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    242691315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067478                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.423996                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      189524173                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     28725352                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        22355383                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        71735                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2014667                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1581003                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    132996514                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2781                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2014667                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      189776485                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles      26710761                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1152157                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        22204576                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       832662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    132920313                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       421799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       275284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        11797                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    156023155                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    625977947                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    625977947                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    138353721                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       17669429                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        15421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7785                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1923345                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     31366739                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     15864630                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       144942                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       765269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        132661036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       127499892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        80869                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10307681                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24785560                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           80                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242691315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    196909528     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13985266      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11299426      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4882281      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6109707      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5787643      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3292653      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262518      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162293      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242691315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        321466     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2452289     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71587      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79976040     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1113259      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7633      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30585779     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15817181     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    127499892                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.476706                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2845342                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022316                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500617310                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142987501                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126400721                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    130345234                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228462                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1230261                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          495                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3320                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107256                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11236                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          159                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2014667                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles      26077466                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       247185                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132676591                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31366739                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15864630                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7786                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       153852                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          119                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3320                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       553530                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       557130                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1110660                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126610456                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30479176                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       889436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           46294812                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16586964                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         15815636                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473381                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            126404070                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           126400721                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        68278869                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       134766428                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472596                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506646                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102692883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    120680723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12010540                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15388                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       966132                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240676648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196745595     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16167064      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7530372      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7404914      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2048579      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8478475      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       645449      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       470812      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1185388      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240676648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    102692883                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    120680723                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             45893849                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            30136475                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15936828                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       107313847                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1168923                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1185388                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          372182211                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         267397351                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4112813                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              24768900                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         102692883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           120680723                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    102692883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.604467                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.604467                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.383956                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.383956                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      625889676                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     146777718                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     158324224                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        15364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              267460215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20676373                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16916355                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025342                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8690414                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8153052                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2139014                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92287                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199404714                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            115564940                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20676373                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10292066                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24136468                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5503318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     10699381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12197920                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2026520                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    237692254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      213555786     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1125643      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1786147      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2425235      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2494164      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2110195      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1180203      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1756513      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11258368      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    237692254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077306                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432083                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      197352551                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     12769086                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24091691                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        27600                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3451321                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3404299                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    141834721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1936                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3451321                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      197891222                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1765368                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      9750028                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23586734                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1247576                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    141782738                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       185439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       535265                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    197845016                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    659553843                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    659553843                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    171807800                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       26037205                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35627                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18732                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3696895                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13284749                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7194953                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84841                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1691012                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        141620760                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       134622720                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18400                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15449893                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36810363                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1693                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237692254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180718418     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23431153      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11877108      5.00%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8945038      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7030877      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2841295      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790650      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       933366      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124349      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237692254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25093     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81963     36.63%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116691     52.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113230304     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2004578      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16888      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12199039      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7171911      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    134622720                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.503337                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223747                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507179840                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157106955                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132600501                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    134846467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272533                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2123469                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           90                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          552                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94527                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3451321                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1462181                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122238                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141656652                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        19897                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13284749                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7194953                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18738                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103109                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          552                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181607                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132739                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2314346                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132760184                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11480353                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1862535                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18651986                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18872957                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7171633                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.496374                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            132600723                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           132600501                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        76111789                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       205084070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.495777                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371125                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100152794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    123236937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18419720                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2050889                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234240933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183690520     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25048327     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9469910      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4514996      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3800690      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2182992      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909920      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       862062      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2761516      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234240933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100152794                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    123236937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18261706                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11161280                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             16992                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17770990                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       111034978                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2537713                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2761516                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          373135385                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         286764698                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3023724                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              29767961                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100152794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           123236937                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100152794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.670522                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.670522                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374459                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374459                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      597539880                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     184707934                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     131477790                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        34030                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              267460215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       23179709                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19301801                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2110600                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9117096                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8494572                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2498156                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98581                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201926952                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            127198976                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          23179709                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10992728                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            26521632                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5858027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     18298497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12537068                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2017432                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    250478432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      223956800     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1626695      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2054341      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3271472      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1370212      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1759911      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2055252      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         936972      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13446777      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    250478432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086666                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.475581                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      200747326                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     19594748                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        26396057                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        12389                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3727905                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3525000                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    155456515                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2849                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3727905                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      200949565                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        645091                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     18387523                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        26206340                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       562002                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    154498473                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        81533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       392094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    215821375                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    718539333                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    718539333                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    180777014                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       35044345                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        38088                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20160                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1981231                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14449227                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7561314                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84185                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1710221                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        150852179                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38219                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       144806385                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143584                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18174101                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36883795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2061                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250478432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189106615     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28008873     11.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11434480      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6408311      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8692665      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2668450      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2632932      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1415731      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110375      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250478432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        998424     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133381     10.58%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129116     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121995698     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1980519      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17927      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13274430      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7537811      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    144806385                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.541413                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260921                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541495707                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169065182                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141040442                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    146067306                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106522                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2699447                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          685                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94946                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3727905                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        491084                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62786                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150890404                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116503                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14449227                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7561314                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        55050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          685                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1256551                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174495                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2431046                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142285998                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13056418                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2520387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20593769                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       20121599                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7537351                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.531989                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            141040731                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           141040442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        84507235                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       227039925                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527332                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105172533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    129597479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21293598                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36158                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2128619                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246750527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191897537     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27797160     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10093351      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5030204      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4601028      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1934789      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908013      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910690      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577755      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246750527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    105172533                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    129597479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             19216147                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11749779                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             18038                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18785182                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       116679691                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2676217                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2577755                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          395063121                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         305510084                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3061066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              16981783                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         105172533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           129597479                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    105172533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.543061                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.543061                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393227                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393227                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      640265902                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     197096313                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     143800349                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        36128                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              267460215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18350826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16375862                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1463986                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12282533                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11953198                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1107765                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44646                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193776884                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            104189524                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18350826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13060963                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23233941                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       4790928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      7857300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11725728                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1437079                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    228186806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      204952865     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3532573      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1794441      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3496306      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1131671      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3235997      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         512021      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         828938      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        8701994      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    228186806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.389551                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      191939124                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9739568                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23188008                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        18708                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3301397                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1741984                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        17285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    116622333                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        32698                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3301397                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      192148388                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       6277654                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2798640                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22980741                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       679979                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    116453767                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        90955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       519555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    152704410                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    527893814                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    527893814                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    123943730                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       28760614                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        15729                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7964                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1566591                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     20939909                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3428624                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22414                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       780107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        115852492                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15783                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       108521769                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70805                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20814956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42619284                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228186806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180603151     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15003941      6.58%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15923074      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9202589      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4775862      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1196692      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1420886      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33199      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27412      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228186806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182581     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75063     23.52%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61539     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85141313     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       855340      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7766      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19118172     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3399178      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    108521769                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.405749                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319183                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002941                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445620332                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136683516                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105773651                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    108840952                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85050                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4257129                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          292                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78689                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3301397                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       5504431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81621                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    115868353                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20939909                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3428624                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7961                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38998                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2162                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          292                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       988398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       562782                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1551180                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107141725                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18841172                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1380044                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           22240179                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16283423                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3399007                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.400589                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            105798075                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           105773651                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        63991853                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       139645966                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.395474                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458243                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84246417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     94907696                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20965297                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1454735                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224885409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189520365     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13917321      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8916720      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2810190      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4652515      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914011      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       578844      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530358      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3045085      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224885409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     84246417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     94907696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20032698                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            16682763                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              7814                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         14556270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        82959269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1192462                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3045085                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          337713005                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         235050048                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4321194                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              39273409                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          84246417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            94907696                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     84246417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.174737                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.174737                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      497918098                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     137888390                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     123757274                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        15644                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              267460215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18401388                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16420913                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1466702                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12322361                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11984048                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1110764                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44666                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194281344                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            104472516                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18401388                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     13094812                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23296337                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4800287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      7788096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11754875                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1439679                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    228691087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      205394750     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        3541656      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1799227      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3505959      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1132963      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3244959      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         514065      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         830695      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        8726813      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    228691087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068800                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.390610                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      192439225                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      9674828                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23250309                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        18751                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3307973                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1746918                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        17337                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    116942910                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        32756                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3307973                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      192648786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       6204507                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2804959                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23042615                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       682240                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    116773076                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        91123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       521525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    153125343                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    529344585                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    529344585                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    124290934                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       28834409                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        15780                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7994                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1573833                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     20993826                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      3438089                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22914                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       781621                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        116170141                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       108822757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70972                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20865667                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42720281                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228691087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180979753     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15040273      6.58%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15967704      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9228936      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4787380      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1199753      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1426593      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33135      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27560      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228691087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183061     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75257     23.52%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61707     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85378926     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857840      0.79%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7788      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19169534     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3408669      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    108822757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.406875                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320025                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002941                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446727598                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137051916                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106067117                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    109142782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86122                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4264366                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          279                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78839                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3307973                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       5427060                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81797                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116186062                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14988                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20993826                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3438089                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7990                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39127                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2183                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          279                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       990342                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       564318                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1554660                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107438621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18891959                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1384136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           22300444                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16328882                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          3408485                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.401699                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            106091606                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           106067117                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        64170515                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       140043962                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.396572                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.458217                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84482462                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     95173509                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21017221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15707                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1457427                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225383114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189920822     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13954548      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8942641      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2818396      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4663889      2.07%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915965      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580098      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531518      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3055237      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225383114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     84482462                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     95173509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20088710                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            16729460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              7836                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         14597100                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        83191480                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1195767                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3055237                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          338518295                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         235692054                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4329973                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              38769128                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          84482462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            95173509                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     84482462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.165867                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.165867                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.315869                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.315869                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      499296612                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     138271460                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     124093502                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        15694                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              267460215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18380403                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16402040                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1466966                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12316840                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11968895                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1110572                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44861                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194070750                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            104360634                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18380403                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13079467                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23271580                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       4801432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      7792265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11743866                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1439922                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    228460793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      205189213     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        3539041      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1797308      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3500469      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1131570      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3240911      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         513137      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         830064      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        8719080      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    228460793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068722                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.390191                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      192228666                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      9678980                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23225544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        18716                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3308886                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1744899                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17312                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    116822237                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        32761                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3308886                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      192438360                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6206325                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2807924                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23017815                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       681476                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    116651435                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        91151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       520852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    152965208                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    528806772                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    528806772                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    124125667                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       28839532                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        15749                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7973                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1573328                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     20972294                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      3433868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22222                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       781263                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        116049442                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15802                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       108698221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70768                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20871031                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42741700                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228460793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180806290     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15022945      6.58%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15944569      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9218767      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4783262      2.09%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1201106      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1423231      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33111      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27512      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228460793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182630     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75201     23.54%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61624     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85282672     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856489      0.79%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7778      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19146762     17.61%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3404520      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    108698221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.406409                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319455                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002939                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446247458                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136936549                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105941948                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    109017676                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86473                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4265445                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          280                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78953                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3308886                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5435212                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81547                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116065331                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20972294                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3433868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7967                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38981                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2149                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          280                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989434                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       565395                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1554829                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107311048                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18867063                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1387173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           22271413                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16307998                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          3404350                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.401222                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            105966565                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           105941948                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        64097449                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       139913677                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.396104                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.458121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84369634                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     95046760                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21023244                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15685                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1457703                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225151907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189734621     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13937768      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8929464      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2816711      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4658277      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914412      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       579979      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530511      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3050164      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225151907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     84369634                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     95046760                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20061760                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            16706845                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              7826                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         14577638                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        83080815                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1194223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3050164                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          338171435                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         235451510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4327411                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              38999422                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          84369634                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            95046760                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     84369634                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.170100                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.170100                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.315447                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.315447                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      498705211                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     138110954                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     123956714                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        15670                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              267460215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19582468                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16057422                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1918650                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8130507                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7647836                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2010767                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86315                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186996299                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            111304420                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19582468                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9658603                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24482081                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5452100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     17753485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11521313                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1907354                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    232731710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      208249629     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2655776      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3071035      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1687145      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1936275      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1072838      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         728799      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1895491      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11434722      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    232731710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073216                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.416153                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      185465202                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     19313139                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24278106                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       193357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3481905                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3179755                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        17940                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    135868991                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        88938                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3481905                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      185762891                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6410206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     12068834                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24181813                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       826052                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    135784693                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       211715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       381545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           47                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    188695248                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    632182271                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    632182271                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    161151821                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       27543422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35809                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20074                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2209708                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12972122                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7063495                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       185494                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1566073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        135568160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35888                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       128140813                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183204                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16920992                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39068153                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4235                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232731710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178734635     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21723574      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11670804      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8071410      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7059441      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3610439      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878349      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       563116      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       419942      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232731710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34165     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117904     42.67%     55.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124244     44.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107253216     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2002626      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15694      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11856863      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7012414      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    128140813                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.479102                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276313                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489472853                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152526278                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126002705                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    128417126                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       322595                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2293768                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          803                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1239                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       154207                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7847                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3806                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3481905                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5955572                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143310                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135604170                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        67122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12972122                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7063495                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20076                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100172                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1239                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1112716                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1076144                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2188860                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126247016                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11133830                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1893797                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18144771                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17664766                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7010941                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.472022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            126004710                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           126002705                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        74885496                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       196118381                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.471108                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381838                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94633510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    116103570                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19502042                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31653                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1929741                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229249805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181815853     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21996763      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9220840      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5540480      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3832152      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2477351      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1284452      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1033700      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2048214      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229249805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     94633510                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    116103570                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             17587642                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10678354                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16616231                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       104672185                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2362111                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2048214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          362806566                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         274693205                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2866500                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              34728505                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          94633510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           116103570                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     94633510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.826274                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.826274                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.353823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.353823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      569483901                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     174874313                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     126809499                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        31624                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              267460215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18413097                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16431808                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1468818                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12328304                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11992610                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1111333                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44843                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194453118                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            104551205                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18413097                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13103943                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23314380                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4806869                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      7741700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11765711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441975                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    228838960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      205524580     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3544521      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1800737      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3508709      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1134215      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3247558      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         514128      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         830810      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8733702      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    228838960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068844                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.390904                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      192609903                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9629508                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23268246                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        18866                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3312436                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1747377                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        17328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    117031847                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        32790                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3312436                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      192820201                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       6201958                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2761429                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23060089                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       682840                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    116860931                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        91603                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       521497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    153238193                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    529745427                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    529745427                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    124373955                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       28864202                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        15775                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7983                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1574883                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     21012890                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3440099                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22448                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       781197                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        116257275                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15831                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       108902294                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70459                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20889033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42766827                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228838960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181092154     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15053267      6.58%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15976870      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9235614      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4792245      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1201413      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1426761      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33254      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27382      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228838960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182891     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75383     23.55%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61825     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85440836     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       858405      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7793      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19184402     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3410858      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    108902294                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.407172                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320099                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002939                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447034105                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137162421                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106142751                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    109222393                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85776                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4271693                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           90                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          286                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78740                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3312436                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5425816                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81622                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116273192                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21012890                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3440099                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7980                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39096                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2155                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          286                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       991531                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       565184                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1556715                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107516333                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18906720                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1385960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           22317400                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16339116                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3410680                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.401990                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            106167322                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           106142751                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        64217472                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       140150053                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.396854                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458205                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84539728                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     95237417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21040412                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15717                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1459557                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225526524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    190040184     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13963746      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8948114      3.97%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2820713      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4667572      2.07%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       916932      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580778      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       532192      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3056293      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225526524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     84539728                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     95237417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20102553                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            16741194                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7842                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         14606921                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        83247213                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1196519                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3056293                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          338747748                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         235870726                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4334365                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              38621255                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          84539728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            95237417                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     84539728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.163722                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.163722                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      499660186                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     138368294                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     124186209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        15702                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              267460213                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18387327                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16408298                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1466722                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12294279                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11976011                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1109195                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194133824                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            104391068                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18387327                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13085206                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23277626                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4800234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      7902848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11747550                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1439860                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    228639552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      205361926     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3540116      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1797308      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3503685      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1131682      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3241717      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         513892      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         829510      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        8719716      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    228639552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.390305                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      192291150                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9790098                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23231524                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        18834                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3307945                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1745693                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17309                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    116843774                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        32661                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3307945                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      192500682                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6277865                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2846292                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23023974                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       682787                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    116673586                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        91069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       522245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    152993975                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    528882036                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    528882036                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    124157263                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       28836686                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        15745                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7969                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1575138                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     20978491                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3433927                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22883                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       779988                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        116069175                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15802                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       108719482                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70887                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20864879                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42727038                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228639552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180972285     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15026893      6.57%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15952726      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9220201      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4783962      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1198295      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1424587      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33135      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27468      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228639552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183150     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75098     23.48%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61657     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85296357     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856859      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7778      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19153950     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3404538      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    108719482                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.406488                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446469308                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136950129                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105962768                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    109039387                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85593                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4264394                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78816                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3307945                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5502986                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81809                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116085058                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20978491                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3433927                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7967                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39238                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2193                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          275                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989903                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       565165                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1555068                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107334962                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18877451                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1384520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           22281800                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16313490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3404349                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.401312                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            105987295                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           105962768                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        64106258                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       139886294                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.396181                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458274                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84395323                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     95073065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21016621                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15685                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1457455                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225331607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189905005     84.28%     84.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13941253      6.19%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8931916      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2816430      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4660426      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915011      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       579808      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530981      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3050777      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225331607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     84395323                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     95073065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20069201                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            16714090                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7826                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         14581953                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        83102986                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1194305                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3050777                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          338370204                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         235489959                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4328921                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              38820661                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          84395323                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            95073065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     84395323                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.169135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.169135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.315543                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.315543                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      498814977                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     138132916                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     123994279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        15670                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              267460212                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20652568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16898263                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2018989                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8452197                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8120841                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135160                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92043                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198947268                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            115543722                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20652568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10256001                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24107700                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5516266                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     10857164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           34                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12172271                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2020493                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    237383665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      213275965     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1120174      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1780028      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2419228      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2486068      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2104211      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1176480      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1757678      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11263833      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    237383665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077217                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432003                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      196902469                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     12919998                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24063113                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        27412                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3470668                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3399857                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    141766577                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1962                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3470668                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      197437414                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1819992                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      9850389                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23561763                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1243434                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    141719050                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       184924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       533376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    197771006                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    659296931                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    659296931                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    171463762                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       26307244                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        35143                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18285                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3691152                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13254026                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7190347                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84572                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1748552                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        141560238                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35267                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       134439369                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18580                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15637446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37455454                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1275                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237383665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180469288     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23430299      9.87%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11852851      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8929808      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7019305      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836940      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789517      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       930334      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125323      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237383665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25479     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81778     36.63%     48.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116016     51.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113068848     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2009090      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16854      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12177147      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7167430      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    134439369                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.502652                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223273                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506504256                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157233501                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132423205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    134662642                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272290                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2115042                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          552                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104103                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3470668                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1516863                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122085                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141595646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13254026                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7190347                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18289                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103016                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          552                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1176439                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1133520                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2309959                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132583434                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11457420                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1855935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18624573                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18838603                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7167153                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.495713                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            132423399                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           132423205                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        76011731                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       204812589                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.495114                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371128                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99952378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    122990352                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18605303                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33992                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2044479                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233912997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183427960     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25034894     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9446767      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4507030      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3810598      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2179899      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1893199      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861447      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2751203      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233912997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99952378                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    122990352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18225228                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11138984                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16958                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17735467                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110812762                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2532628                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2751203                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          372756760                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         286662036                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3015383                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              30076547                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99952378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           122990352                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99952378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.675876                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.675876                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.373709                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.373709                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      596718434                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     184467286                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     131433754                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33962                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              267460209                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18053935                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16292036                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       946715                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7019618                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6466924                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         995289                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41973                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191639152                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            113440329                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18053935                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      7462213                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            22444241                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       2980183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     26653228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10994014                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       950766                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    242749169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      220304928     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         799485      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1641900      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         701201      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        3726954      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3322621      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         646834      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1342663      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10262583      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    242749169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067501                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.424139                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      189677576                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     28629359                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        22361205                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        71779                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2009245                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1583462                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          497                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    133025739                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2794                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2009245                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      189929832                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles      26612027                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1151966                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22210121                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       835971                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    132951599                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       423306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       275502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        13432                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    156071108                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    626129893                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    626129893                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    138437467                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       17633641                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        15432                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7791                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1927549                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     31375251                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     15872181                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145141                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       770195                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        132697143                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15478                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       127572784                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        78070                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10255755                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24562037                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           82                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242749169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    196924552     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14003796      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11318721      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4889000      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6106201      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5788733      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3293159      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262933      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162074      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242749169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        320894     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2452004     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71596      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80024822     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1113102      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7638      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30599619     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15827603     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    127572784                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.476979                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2844494                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022297                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500817301                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142971700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126480482                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    130417278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       229030                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1222223                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          494                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3330                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106058                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11238                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2009245                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles      25967243                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       247410                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132712709                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31375251                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15872181                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7792                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       153558                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          121                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3330                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       554847                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       555722                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1110569                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126686490                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30495604                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       886294                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           46321539                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16599034                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         15825935                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473665                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            126483850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           126480482                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        68320356                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       134842413                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472895                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102753194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    120752106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11975030                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15396                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       967539                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240739924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196780015     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16176150      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7538135      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7412146      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2048874      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8482958      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       644433      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471340      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1185873      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240739924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    102753194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    120752106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             45919151                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            30153028                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7686                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15946356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       107377436                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1169715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1185873                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          372280875                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         267463698                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4116433                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              24711040                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         102753194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           120752106                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    102753194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.602938                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.602938                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.384181                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.384181                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      626287778                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     146879028                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     158392304                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        15372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              267460215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18032060                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16271654                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       947377                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7023145                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6454601                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         996047                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41850                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191428818                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            113313616                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18032060                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      7450648                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            22416214                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       2979987                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     26684459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10983330                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       951456                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    242539544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      220123330     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         799813      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1633676      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         698670      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        3723887      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3324251      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         647386      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1342712      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10245819      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    242539544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067420                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.423665                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      189456414                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     28670144                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        22333197                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        71476                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      2008308                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1582093                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          493                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    132866030                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2799                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      2008308                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      189707929                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles      26667441                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1139512                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        22182684                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       833663                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    132793312                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       423868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       274114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12099                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    155911023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    625407325                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    625407325                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    138252027                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       17658996                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        15413                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7784                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1927753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     31333918                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     15845272                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145453                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       770309                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        132535558                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15459                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       127395496                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72457                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10250381                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24588668                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242539544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    196776126     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13983148      5.77%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11305279      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4885396      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6097818      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5781703      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3286532      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       261713      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161829      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242539544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        320394     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2448560     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71653      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79922076     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1111802      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7627      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30546910     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15807081     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    127395496                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.476316                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2840607                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500243600                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142804677                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126309008                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    130236103                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       229427                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1220694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          504                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3285                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100028                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11220                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          108                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      2008308                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles      26022932                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       248508                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132551109                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31333918                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15845272                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7783                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       153391                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          123                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3285                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       553796                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       557052                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1110848                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126508241                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30448560                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       887255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           46253954                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16578541                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         15805394                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.472998                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            126312387                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           126309008                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        68238542                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       134720028                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.472253                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506521                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102616233                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    120590818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11974605                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       968218                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240531236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196630755     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16154103      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7529081      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7399005      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2048019      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8470733      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       644905      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       470713      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1183922      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240531236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    102616233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    120590818                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             45858468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            30113224                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              7676                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15925013                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       107233933                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1168097                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1183922                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          371912425                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         267139329                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4112337                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              24920671                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         102616233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           120590818                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    102616233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.606412                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.606412                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.383669                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.383669                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      625419915                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     146685504                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     158206367                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        15352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              267460215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18080303                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16316513                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       945695                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6870192                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6466771                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         998891                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41907                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191863644                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            113615045                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18080303                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      7465662                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22471597                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       2977264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     26756708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11004752                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       949584                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    243101146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      220629549     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         800463      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1640462      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         699736      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        3731603      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3331515      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         645669      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1345866      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10276283      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    243101146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067600                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.424792                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      189887481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     28746016                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22388321                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        71898                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2007425                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1585255                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          487                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    133206863                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2772                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2007425                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      190140355                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles      26722481                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1154607                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22236491                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       839780                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    133135775                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       429329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       276035                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9068                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    156309092                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    627015142                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    627015142                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    138662158                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       17646870                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        15444                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7792                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1937909                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     31411697                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     15888822                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       146020                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       770313                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        132879381                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15489                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       127731361                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71634                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10250218                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24626103                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           69                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243101146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197221529     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14016112      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11334461      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4895479      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6115581      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5796734      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3297060      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       261984      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162206      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243101146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        321482     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2454024     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71811      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80125618     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1115498      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7650      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30631152     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15851443     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    127731361                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.477571                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2847317                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022291                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501482817                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143148405                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126645970                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    130578678                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       229799                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1210672                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          500                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3322                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97590                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11263                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2007425                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles      26076986                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       249563                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132894959                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31411697                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15888822                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7791                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       154992                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          103                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3322                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       551483                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       557792                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1109275                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126845480                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30533351                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       885879                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           46383232                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16623644                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         15849881                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.474259                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            126649334                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           126645970                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        68415148                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       135049562                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.473513                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506593                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102919109                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    120947181                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11962400                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15420                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       966470                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241093721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    197064845     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16203792      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7545831      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7423870      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2054590      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8494098      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       645217      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471859      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1189619      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241093721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    102919109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    120947181                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             45992222                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            30201000                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              7698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15972224                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       107550909                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1171656                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1189619                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          372813371                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         267826823                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4117587                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              24359069                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         102919109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           120947181                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    102919109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.598742                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.598742                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.384802                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.384802                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      627091856                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     147075142                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     158633290                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        15396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        12026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.443344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         193493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        14074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        13.748259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.921760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     5.048313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1518.388828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         497.084443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.002465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.242717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 28740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  28895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 28895                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               12023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                12023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               12023                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9914879759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9979197676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9914879759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     9979197676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9914879759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    9979197676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             40763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              40918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             40918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 827412.147125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830008.955835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 827412.147125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 830008.955835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 827412.147125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 830008.955835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           12022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8862544282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8923348766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8862544282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8923348766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8862544282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8923348766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 739654.839092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742251.602562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 739654.839092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742251.602562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 739654.839092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742251.602562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        29220                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.602947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         163947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        31268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.243284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.224105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.680992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1653.325058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         378.372791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.807288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.184752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 36796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7621                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                7621                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  36890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36889                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 36890                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               29181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                29211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29171                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               29211                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67083254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27310535195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27377618449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     29636327                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29636327                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67083254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27340171522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    27407254776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67083254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27340171522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   27407254776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        65936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             65977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7621                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            7621                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        66060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              66101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        66060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             66101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1677081.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 937185.930304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 938200.145608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 987877.566667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987877.566667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1677081.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 937238.062528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 938251.164835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1677081.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 937238.062528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 938251.164835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4350                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4350                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           29211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          29211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63570618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24751272008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24814842626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27001516                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27001516                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63570618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24778273524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24841844142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63570618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24778273524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24841844142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1589265.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 849362.479256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850376.704911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 900050.533333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900050.533333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1589265.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 849414.607795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850427.720448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1589265.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 849414.607795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850427.720448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        34653                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.939862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         203066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        36701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         5.532983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.567045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     1.951371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1819.719893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         222.701553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.888535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.108741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 40595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12940                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               12940                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  40624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40623                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 40624                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               34610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                34653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34610                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               34653                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32615158789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32693744467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     69270827                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     69270827                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32684429616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    32763015294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32684429616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   32763015294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             75205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12940                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           12940                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              75277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             75277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.459906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.597222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.597222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 943534.549975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944632.894164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1610949.465116                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1610949.465116                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944363.756602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945459.708943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944363.756602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945459.708943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5436                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5436                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           34653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          34653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29579796619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29654606897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     65494054                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65494054                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29645290673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29720100951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29645290673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29720100951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.459906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.597222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 855723.569271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856821.927102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1523117.534884                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1523117.534884                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 856552.749870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857648.715869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 856552.749870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857648.715869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        34591                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.939552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         202907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        36639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.538006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.538038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     1.773779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1820.581188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         222.046547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.888956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.108421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        40529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 40530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12849                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               12849                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        40555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  40556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        40555                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 40556                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               34545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                34591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34552                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               34591                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84189445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  32680844474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32765033919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     76611779                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     76611779                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84189445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  32757456253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    32841645698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84189445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  32757456253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   32841645698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        75035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             75075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12849                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           12849                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        75107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              75147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        75107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             75147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.638889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.638889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2158703.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947106.140208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948473.988102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1665473.456522                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1665473.456522                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2158703.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 948062.521793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949427.472406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2158703.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 948062.521793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949427.472406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5436                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5436                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           34591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          34591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80765245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  29650617414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29731382659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     72572397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72572397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80765245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  29723189811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29803955056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80765245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  29723189811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29803955056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.638889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.638889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2070903.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859288.744392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860656.611926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1577660.804348                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1577660.804348                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2070903.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860245.132293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861610.102512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2070903.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860245.132293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861610.102512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        12047                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.452513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         193553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        14095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        13.732033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.933409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.212387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1518.552863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         496.753854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.741481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.242556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        28781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 28783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9248                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9248                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        28934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  28936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        28934                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 28936                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               12044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                12044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12003                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               12044                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65269787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9760505218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9825775005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65269787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9760505218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     9825775005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65269787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9760505218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    9825775005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             40827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9248                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9248                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              40980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             40980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1591946.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 813172.141798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815823.231900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1591946.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 813172.141798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815823.231900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1591946.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 813172.141798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815823.231900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5265                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5265                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           12043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          12043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61669987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8705632925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8767302912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61669987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8705632925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8767302912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61669987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8705632925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8767302912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1504146.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 725348.518997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727999.909657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1504146.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 725348.518997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727999.909657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1504146.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 725348.518997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727999.909657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         8675                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.213194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         216261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        10723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        20.167957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.109327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     6.038628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1394.942881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         608.122357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.681124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.296935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 28190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8806                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8806                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  28404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28402                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 28404                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                8675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 8675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8635                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                8675                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105294994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7037121117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7142416111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105294994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7037121117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     7142416111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105294994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7037121117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    7142416111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             36865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8806                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8806                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        37037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              37079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        37037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             37079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.234500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2632374.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 814953.227215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823333.269280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2632374.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 814953.227215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823333.269280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2632374.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 814953.227215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823333.269280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4554                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4554                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            8675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           8675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101782994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6278844762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6380627756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101782994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6278844762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6380627756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101782994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6278844762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6380627756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.234500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2544574.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727138.941749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735519.049683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2544574.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727138.941749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735519.049683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2544574.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727138.941749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735519.049683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        18148                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.834393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         158835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        20196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         7.864676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.621340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.477040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1659.307462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         357.428551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.810209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.174526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 34377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6180                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                6180                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  34448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34447                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 34448                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               18147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                18147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18114                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               18147                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51303902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14541924881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14593228783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51303902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14541924881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    14593228783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51303902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14541924881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   14593228783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        52490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             52524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6180                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            6180                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        52561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              52595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        52561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             52595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.345094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1554663.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 802800.313625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804167.563950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1554663.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 802800.313625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804167.563950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1554663.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 802800.313625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804167.563950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               2416                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    2416                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           18147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          18147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48406502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12950969308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12999375810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48406502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12950969308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12999375810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48406502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12950969308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12999375810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.345094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1466863.696970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 714970.150602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716337.455778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1466863.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 714970.150602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716337.455778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1466863.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 714970.150602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716337.455778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        18173                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.843627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         158944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        20221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         7.860343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.571009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.485220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1661.701113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         354.086285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.811377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.172894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 34402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6264                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                6264                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  34470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34469                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 34470                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               18172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                18172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18138                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               18172                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56365358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14281444287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14337809645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56365358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14281444287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    14337809645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56365358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14281444287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   14337809645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        52539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             52574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6264                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            6264                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        52607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              52642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        52607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             52642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1657804.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 787377.014390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789005.593495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1657804.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 787377.014390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789005.593495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1657804.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 787377.014390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789005.593495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           18172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          18172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53377475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12688774345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12742151820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53377475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12688774345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12742151820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53377475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12688774345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12742151820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1569925.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 699568.549179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701196.996478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1569925.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 699568.549179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701196.996478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1569925.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 699568.549179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701196.996478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        18170                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.847179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         158825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        20218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         7.855624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.643732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.525866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1660.038350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         356.639231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.810566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.174140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 34363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                6184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  34431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34430                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 34431                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               18169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                18169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18135                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               18169                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     54687479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14393285145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14447972624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     54687479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14393285145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    14447972624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     54687479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14393285145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   14447972624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        52497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             52532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            6184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        52565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              52600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        52565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             52600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1608455.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 793674.394541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 795199.109692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1608455.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 793674.394541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 795199.109692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1608455.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 793674.394541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 795199.109692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               2418                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    2418                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           18169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          18169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51701968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12800648942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12852350910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51701968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12800648942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12852350910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51701968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12800648942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12852350910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1520646.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 705853.263965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707378.001541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1520646.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 705853.263965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707378.001541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1520646.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 705853.263965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707378.001541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        18669                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.533537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         229204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        20717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        11.063571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.139928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.950360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1655.096859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         357.346390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.808153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.174486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 34554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18841                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               18841                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  34701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34700                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 34701                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               18651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                18657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18618                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               18657                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78189179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16038369038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16116558217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4824678                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4824678                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78189179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16043193716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    16121382895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78189179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16043193716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   16121382895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             53205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18841                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           18841                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              53358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             53358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.039216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.039216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2004850.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 861721.955620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864112.284435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       804113                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       804113                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2004850.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 861703.390053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 864092.988959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2004850.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 861703.390053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 864092.988959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              10074                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   10074                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           18657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          18657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74755676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14403024042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14477779718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4295652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4295652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74755676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14407319694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14482075370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74755676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14407319694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14482075370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1916812.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 773856.868794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776246.834915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       715942                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       715942                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1916812.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 773838.204641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776227.441175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1916812.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 773838.204641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776227.441175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        18186                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.831740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         158844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        20234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         7.850351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.627146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.567708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1661.276825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         355.360061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.811170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.173516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 34382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                6184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  34453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34452                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 34453                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               18185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                18185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18151                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               18185                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63351668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14208625862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14271977530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63351668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14208625862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    14271977530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63351668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14208625862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   14271977530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        52532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             52567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            6184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        52603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              52638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        52603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             52638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1863284.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 782801.270564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 784821.420401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1863284.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 782801.270564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 784821.420401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1863284.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 782801.270564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 784821.420401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2423                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2423                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           18185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          18185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60366468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12614745663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12675112131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60366468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12614745663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12675112131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60366468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12614745663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12675112131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1775484.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 694989.017850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697009.190597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1775484.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 694989.017850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697009.190597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1775484.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 694989.017850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697009.190597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        18163                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.840444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         158841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        20211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         7.859136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.643686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.607639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1660.855123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         355.733996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.810964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.173698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 34376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                6187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  34443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34442                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 34443                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               18162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                18162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18128                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               18162                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44861422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14346054670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14390916092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44861422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14346054670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    14390916092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44861422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14346054670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   14390916092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        52503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             52538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            6187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        52570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              52605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        52570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             52605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1319453.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 791375.478266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792364.061887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1319453.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 791375.478266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 792364.061887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1319453.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 791375.478266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 792364.061887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           18162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          18162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     41873568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12753892846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12795766414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     41873568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12753892846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12795766414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     41873568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12753892846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12795766414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1231575.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 703546.604479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704535.096025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1231575.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 703546.604479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704535.096025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1231575.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 703546.604479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704535.096025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        12026                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.437560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         193469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        14073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        13.747531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.912787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     5.208746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1519.792993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         495.523033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.742086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.241955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 28723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9224                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                9224                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  28880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28878                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 28880                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               12023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                12023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11979                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               12023                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    129905644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9992583567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10122489211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    129905644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9992583567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    10122489211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    129905644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9992583567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   10122489211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             40746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9224                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            9224                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              40903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             40903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2952401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 834175.103681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841927.074025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2952401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 834175.103681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 841927.074025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2952401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 834175.103681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 841927.074025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5256                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5256                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           12022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126041838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8940332807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9066374645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126041838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8940332807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9066374645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126041838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8940332807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9066374645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2864587.227273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 746396.126816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754148.614623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2864587.227273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 746396.126816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754148.614623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2864587.227273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 746396.126816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754148.614623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        34588                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.937809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         202952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        36636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.539688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.546497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     1.805903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1820.829820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         221.755589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.889077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.108279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 40552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12869                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               12869                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  40581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40580                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 40581                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               34545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                34588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34548                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               34588                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76259318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32651490133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32727749451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     68254336                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     68254336                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76259318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32719744469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    32796003787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76259318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32719744469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   32796003787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             75097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12869                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           12869                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              75169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             75169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.597222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.597222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1906482.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 946282.861411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947394.686670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1587310.139535                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1587310.139535                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1906482.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 947080.712892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948190.233231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1906482.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 947080.712892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948190.233231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5428                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5428                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           34588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          34588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72746447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29621437885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29694184332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     64478936                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64478936                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72746447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29685916821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29758663268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72746447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29685916821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29758663268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.597222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1818661.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 858467.986814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859579.804082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1499510.139535                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1499510.139535                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1818661.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 859265.856808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860375.369145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1818661.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 859265.856808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860375.369145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        34551                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.937440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         202940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        36599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.544960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.589058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     1.905126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1820.009464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         222.433792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.888676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.108610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 40494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12916                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               12916                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  40523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40522                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 40523                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        34466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               34507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        34510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                34551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        34510                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               34551                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72106274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  32770465829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32842572103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     78304474                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     78304474                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72106274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  32848770303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    32920876577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72106274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  32848770303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   32920876577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        74959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             75001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12916                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           12916                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        75032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              75074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        75032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             75074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.459798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.602740                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.602740                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.459937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.459937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1758689.609756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 950805.600563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951765.499841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1779647.136364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1779647.136364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1758689.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 951862.367517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952819.790368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1758689.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 951862.367517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952819.790368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5423                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5423                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        34466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        34510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           34551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        34510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          34551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68506474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29743738410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29812244884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     74441151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74441151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68506474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29818179561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29886686035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68506474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29818179561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29886686035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.459798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.602740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.459937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.459937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1670889.609756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 862987.825973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863947.746370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1691844.340909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1691844.340909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1670889.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 864044.612025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865002.055946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1670889.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 864044.612025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865002.055946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        34684                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.938751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         203081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        36732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.528722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.534904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     1.805630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1819.210742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         223.387475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.888286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.109076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 40596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12956                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               12956                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  40623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40622                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 40623                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               34640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                34685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34645                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               34685                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73946889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  32601103931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32675050820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     78611666                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     78611666                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73946889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  32679715597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    32753662486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73946889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  32679715597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   32753662486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        75195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             75236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           12956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        75267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              75308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        75267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             75308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1848672.225000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 942228.437312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943275.139145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1746925.911111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1746925.911111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1848672.225000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 943273.649791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944317.788266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1848672.225000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 943273.649791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944317.788266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5444                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5444                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           34685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          34685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70434764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29563027562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29633462326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74660666                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74660666                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70434764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29637688228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29708122992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70434764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29637688228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29708122992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1760869.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 854422.761908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855469.466686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1659125.911111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659125.911111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1760869.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 855467.981758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856512.123166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1760869.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 855467.981758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856512.123166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              515.844505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012190793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957815.847195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.844505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12182697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12182697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12182697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12182697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12182697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12182697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12182751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12182751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12182751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12182751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12182751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12182751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166566797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.567174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.160962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.839038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8380806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18563                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18563                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15436852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15436852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44575870295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44575870295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     76943982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76943982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44652814277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44652814277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44652814277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44652814277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8511525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18563                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18563                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 341005.288405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341005.288405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 83999.980349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83999.980349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 339216.882113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339216.882113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 339216.882113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339216.882113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        89998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        89998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90759                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90759                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11888015039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11888015039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9988802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9988802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11898003841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11898003841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11898003841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11898003841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 291938.190098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291938.190098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64443.883871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64443.883871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 291075.541663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291075.541663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 291075.541663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291075.541663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              528.911222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1016995979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1915246.664783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.911222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.062358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11220654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11220654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11220654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11220654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11220654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11220654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100282525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100282525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100282525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100282525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100282525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100282525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11220715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11220715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11220715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11220715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11220715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11220715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1643975.819672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1643975.819672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1643975.819672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1643975.819672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1643975.819672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1643975.819672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67480937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67480937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67480937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67480937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67480937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67480937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1645876.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1645876.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1645876.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1645876.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1645876.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1645876.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                66059                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180106834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                66315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2715.929036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.086490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.913510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7773539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7773539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6437523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6437523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15019                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15019                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14211062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14211062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14211062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14211062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       171709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       172598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       172598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       172598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       172598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  75334385467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75334385467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    388350500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    388350500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  75722735967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75722735967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  75722735967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75722735967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7945248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7945248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6438412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6438412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18521                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18521                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15019                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15019                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14383660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14383660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14383660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14383660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 438732.888008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438732.888008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 436839.707537                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436839.707537                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 438723.136809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438723.136809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 438723.136809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438723.136809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       105773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       105773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       106538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       106538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        65936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        66060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        66060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29968680848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29968680848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     35955102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35955102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30004635950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30004635950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30004635950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30004635950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454511.660519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454511.660519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 289960.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289960.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454202.784590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454202.784590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454202.784590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454202.784590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              581.972522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1041958479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1775057.034072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    41.786194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.186328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.066965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.865683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11001714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11001714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11001714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11001714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11001714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11001714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11001775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11001775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11001775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11001775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11001775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11001775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       583675                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                75233                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              446702249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                75489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5917.448224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.896306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.103694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     28784084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28784084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15764282                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15764282                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     44548366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       44548366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     44548366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      44548366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       275808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       276096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       276096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       276096                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       276096                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135292061948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135292061948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    272063107                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272063107                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135564125055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135564125055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135564125055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135564125055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     29059892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29059892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15764570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15764570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     44824462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44824462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     44824462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44824462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490529.868416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490529.868416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944663.565972                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944663.565972                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 491003.582287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491003.582287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 491003.582287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491003.582287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       638492                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       638492                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           12940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35674572656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35674572656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     71548891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71548891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35746121547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35746121547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35746121547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35746121547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 474642.070435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474642.070435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 993734.597222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 993734.597222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 475138.855914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475138.855914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 475138.855914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475138.855914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              579.407087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1041941070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1787205.951973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.394000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.013087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10984305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10984305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10984305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10984305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10984305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10984305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    111852779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111852779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    111852779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111852779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    111852779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111852779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10984364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10984364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10984364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10984364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10984364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10984364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1895809.813559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1895809.813559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1895809.813559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1895809.813559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1895809.813559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1895809.813559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544886                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544886                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84594676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84594676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84594676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84594676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84594676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84594676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2114866.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2114866.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2114866.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2114866.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2114866.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2114866.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                75107                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              446647974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                75363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5926.621472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.896679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.103321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     28752623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28752623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15741491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15741491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     44494114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       44494114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     44494114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      44494114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       275221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       275516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       275516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       275516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       275516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 135402803692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135402803692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    317857203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    317857203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 135720660895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135720660895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 135720660895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135720660895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     29027844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29027844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15741786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15741786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7702                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7702                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     44769630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44769630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     44769630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44769630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 491978.459827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491978.459827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1077482.044068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1077482.044068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492605.369180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492605.369180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492605.369180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492605.369180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1862036                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1862036                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           12849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       200186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       200409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       200409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        75035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        75107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        75107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35735306443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35735306443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     78721596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78721596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35814028039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35814028039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35814028039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35814028039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 476248.503272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476248.503272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1093355.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1093355.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 476840.082003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476840.082003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 476840.082003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476840.082003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              516.648001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1012205962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1954065.563707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    41.648001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.066744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12197866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12197866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12197866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12197866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12197866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12197866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81714193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81714193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81714193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81714193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81714193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81714193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12197920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12197920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12197920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12197920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12197920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12197920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1513225.796296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1513225.796296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1513225.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1513225.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1513225.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1513225.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65753762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65753762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65753762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65753762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65753762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65753762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1529157.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529157.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1529157.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529157.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1529157.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529157.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                40937                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166592111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4044.184959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.167386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.832614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.910810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.089190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8395265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8395265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7066837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7066837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18601                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18601                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15462102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15462102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15462102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15462102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       131032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       131032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       131932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       131932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       131932                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       131932                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  43928006189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43928006189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     75518919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75518919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  44003525108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44003525108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  44003525108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44003525108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8526297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8526297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7067737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7067737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18601                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18601                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15594034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15594034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15594034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15594034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 335246.399269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335246.399269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 83909.910000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83909.910000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 333531.858139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333531.858139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 333531.858139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333531.858139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        90248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        90995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        90995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11736606143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11736606143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9846960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9846960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11746453103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11746453103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11746453103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11746453103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287774.768120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287774.768120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64359.215686                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64359.215686                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 286939.763612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286939.763612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 286939.763612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286939.763612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.048470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1015636445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2043534.094567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.048470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.064180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12537005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12537005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12537005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12537005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12537005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12537005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    160453360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160453360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    160453360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160453360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    160453360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160453360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12537065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12537065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12537065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12537065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12537065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12537065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2674222.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2674222.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2674222.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2674222.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2674222.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2674222.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1255573                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313893.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105763155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105763155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105763155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105763155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105763155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105763155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2518170.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2518170.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2518170.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2518170.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2518170.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2518170.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                37037                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              164699274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                37293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4416.358941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.468907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.531093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9997544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9997544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7427710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7427710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19875                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19875                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17425254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17425254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17425254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17425254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        97392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        97392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        97392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        97392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21366895564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21366895564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    139581492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139581492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21506477056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21506477056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21506477056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21506477056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     10092773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10092773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7429873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7429873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19875                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19875                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17522646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17522646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17522646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17522646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 224373.831123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224373.831123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64531.434119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64531.434119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 220823.856744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220823.856744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 220823.856744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220823.856744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        58406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        60355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        60355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8941709367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8941709367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15589336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15589336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8957298703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8957298703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8957298703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8957298703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 242829.464384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242829.464384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72847.364486                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72847.364486                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 241847.306828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241847.306828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 241847.306828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241847.306828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              557.800809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              931870715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1661088.618538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.676740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.124069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.052367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11725683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11725683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11725683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11725683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11725683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11725683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58075567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58075567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58075567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58075567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58075567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58075567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11725728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11725728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11725728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11725728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11725728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11725728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1290568.155556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1290568.155556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1290568.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1290568.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1290568.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1290568.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51686401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51686401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51686401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51686401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51686401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51686401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1520188.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520188.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1520188.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520188.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1520188.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520188.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                52561                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              223902395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                52817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4239.210765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   203.007306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    52.992694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.792997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.207003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17195067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17195067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3333800                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3333800                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     20528867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       20528867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     20528867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      20528867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       185342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       185662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       185662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       185662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       185662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  83695681960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83695681960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     27713365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27713365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  83723395325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83723395325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  83723395325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83723395325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17380409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17380409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3334120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3334120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     20714529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20714529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     20714529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20714529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451574.289476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451574.289476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86604.265625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86604.265625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 450945.240949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450945.240949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 450945.240949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450945.240949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       132852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       133101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       133101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        52490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        52561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        52561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16946769783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16946769783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4624285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4624285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16951394068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16951394068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16951394068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16951394068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322857.111507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322857.111507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65130.774648                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65130.774648                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322508.971823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322508.971823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322508.971823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322508.971823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              559.214762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              931899861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1658184.806050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.137167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.077595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.054707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11754829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11754829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11754829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11754829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11754829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11754829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71833180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71833180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71833180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71833180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71833180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71833180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11754875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11754875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11754875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11754875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11754875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11754875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1561590.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1561590.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1561590.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1561590.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1561590.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1561590.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56746569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56746569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56746569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56746569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56746569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56746569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1621330.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1621330.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1621330.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1621330.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1621330.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1621330.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                52607                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              223957439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                52863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4236.563173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   203.392169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    52.607831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.794501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.205499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17240766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17240766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3343088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3343088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20583854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       20583854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20583854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      20583854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       185539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       185839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       185839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       185839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       185839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  82183215900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82183215900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     25902937                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25902937                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  82209118837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82209118837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  82209118837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82209118837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17426305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17426305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3343388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3343388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7918                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7918                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20769693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20769693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20769693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20769693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 442943.078814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442943.078814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86343.123333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86343.123333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 442367.419309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442367.419309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 442367.419309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442367.419309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6264                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            6264                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       133232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       133232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        52539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        52607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        52607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16688060426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16688060426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4437924                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4437924                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16692498350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16692498350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16692498350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16692498350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 317631.862540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317631.862540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65263.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65263.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 317305.650389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317305.650389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 317305.650389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317305.650389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              559.124424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              931888849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1658165.211744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    34.000412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.124013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.054488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.841545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11743817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11743817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11743817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11743817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11743817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11743817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68135976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68135976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68135976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68135976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68135976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68135976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11743866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11743866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11743866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11743866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11743866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11743866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1390530.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1390530.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1390530.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1390530.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1390530.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1390530.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55076864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55076864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55076864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55076864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55076864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55076864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1573624.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1573624.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1573624.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1573624.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1573624.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1573624.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                52565                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              223929691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                52821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4239.406505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   202.982360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    53.017640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.792900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.207100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17217358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17217358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3338779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3338779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20556137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       20556137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20556137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      20556137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       185660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       185660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  82693348501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82693348501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25544833                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25544833                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  82718893334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82718893334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  82718893334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82718893334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17402722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17402722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3339075                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3339075                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20741797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20741797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20741797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20741797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 446113.314889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446113.314889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86300.111486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86300.111486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 445539.660315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445539.660315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 445539.660315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445539.660315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       132867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        52497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        52565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        52565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16797159910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16797159910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4415903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4415903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16801575813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16801575813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16801575813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16801575813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 319964.186715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319964.186715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64939.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64939.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 319634.277808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319634.277808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 319634.277808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319634.277808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              519.501359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012845405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1940316.867816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.382460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   481.118899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.771024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11521254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11521254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11521254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11521254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11521254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11521254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125486845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125486845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125486845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125486845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125486845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125486845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11521313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11521313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11521313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11521313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11521313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11521313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2126895.677966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2126895.677966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2126895.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2126895.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2126895.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2126895.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78589132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78589132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78589132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78589132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78589132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78589132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1964728.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1964728.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1964728.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1964728.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1964728.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1964728.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                53318                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              172016678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                53574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3210.823870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.925269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.074731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.913771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.086229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8125656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8125656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6870136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6870136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17034                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17034                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14995792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14995792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14995792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14995792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       182158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       187423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       187423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       187423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       187423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  77552930291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77552930291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3473607711                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3473607711                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  81026538002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81026538002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  81026538002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81026538002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8307814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8307814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6875401                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6875401                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17034                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17034                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15183215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15183215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15183215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15183215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 425745.398451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 425745.398451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 659754.550997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 659754.550997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 432319.075044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432319.075044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 432319.075044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432319.075044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     44142411                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            86                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 513283.848837                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           18841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       128993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       134105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       134105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18465069518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18465069518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14395950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14395950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18479465468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18479465468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18479465468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18479465468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 347316.270441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347316.270441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94091.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94091.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 346589.622041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346589.622041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 346589.622041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346589.622041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.077367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              931910697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1658204.087189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.953494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.123873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11765665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11765665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11765665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11765665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11765665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11765665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77725965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77725965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77725965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77725965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77725965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77725965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11765711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11765711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11765711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11765711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11765711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11765711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1689694.891304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1689694.891304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1689694.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1689694.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1689694.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1689694.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63735394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63735394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63735394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63735394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63735394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63735394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1821011.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821011.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1821011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1821011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                52603                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              223973503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                52859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4237.187669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   202.480568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    53.519432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.790940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.209060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17254750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17254750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3345168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3345168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20599918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       20599918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20599918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      20599918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       185702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       186022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       186022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       186022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       186022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  81794564293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81794564293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     27729248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27729248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  81822293541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81822293541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  81822293541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81822293541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17440452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17440452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3345488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3345488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20785940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20785940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20785940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20785940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440461.407486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440461.407486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86653.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86653.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 439852.778386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439852.778386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 439852.778386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439852.778386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       133170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       133419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       133419                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133419                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        52532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        52603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        52603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16613888572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16613888572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4613805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4613805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16618502377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16618502377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16618502377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16618502377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316262.251047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316262.251047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64983.169014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64983.169014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 315923.091402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315923.091402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 315923.091402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315923.091402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.820390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              931892530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1658171.761566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.655912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.164478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11747498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11747498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11747498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11747498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11747498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11747498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69198525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69198525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69198525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69198525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69198525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69198525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11747550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11747550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11747550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11747550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11747550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11747550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1330740.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1330740.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1330740.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1330740.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1330740.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1330740.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     45238519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45238519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     45238519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45238519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     45238519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45238519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1292529.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1292529.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1292529.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1292529.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1292529.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1292529.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                52570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              223940984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                52826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4239.219021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.187406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.812594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.789795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.210205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17228446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17228446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3338983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3338983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20567429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       20567429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20567429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      20567429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       185476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       185764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       185764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       185764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       185764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  82555713535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82555713535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24843564                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24843564                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  82580557099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82580557099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  82580557099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82580557099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17413922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17413922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3339271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3339271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20753193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20753193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20753193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20753193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 445101.865120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445101.865120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86262.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86262.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 444545.536805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444545.536805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 444545.536805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444545.536805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       132973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       133194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       133194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        52503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        52570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        52570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16750818041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16750818041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4373415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4373415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16755191456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16755191456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16755191456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16755191456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 319044.969640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319044.969640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65274.850746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65274.850746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 318721.541868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318721.541868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 318721.541868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318721.541868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              519.951995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012180310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1942764.510557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    44.951995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.072038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12172214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12172214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12172214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12172214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12172214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12172214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    149178450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149178450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    149178450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149178450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    149178450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149178450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12172270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12172270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12172270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12172270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12172270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12172270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2663900.892857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2663900.892857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2663900.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2663900.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2663900.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2663900.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1469902                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 489967.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    130417885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130417885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    130417885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130417885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    130417885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130417885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2835171.413043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2835171.413043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2835171.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2835171.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2835171.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2835171.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                40857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166560876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                41113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4051.294627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.161981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.838019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.910789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.089211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8378658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8378658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7052684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7052684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16981                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16981                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15431342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15431342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15431342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15431342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       130725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          934                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          934                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       131659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       131659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       131659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       131659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  44861631721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44861631721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     78685303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78685303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  44940317024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44940317024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  44940317024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44940317024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8509383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8509383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7053618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7053618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15563001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15563001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15563001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15563001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 343175.610794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 343175.610794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84245.506424                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84245.506424                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 341338.738894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 341338.738894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 341338.738894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 341338.738894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9224                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            9224                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        90025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        90802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        90802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        40700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        40857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        40857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11964451476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11964451476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10140306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10140306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11974591782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11974591782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11974591782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11974591782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293966.866732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293966.866732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64587.936306                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64587.936306                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293085.439019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293085.439019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293085.439019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293085.439019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              579.198497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1041950721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1784162.193493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.927385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   540.271112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.062384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.865819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10993956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10993956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10993956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10993956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10993956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10993956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100828108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100828108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100828108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100828108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100828108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100828108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10994012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10994012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10994012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10994012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10994012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10994012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1800501.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1800501.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1800501.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1800501.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1800501.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1800501.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1212634                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 404211.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76681261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76681261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76681261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76681261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76681261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76681261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1870274.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870274.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1870274.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870274.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1870274.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870274.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                75128                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              446672288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                75384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5925.293006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.896382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.103618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     28768179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28768179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15750237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15750237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     44518416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       44518416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     44518416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      44518416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       274866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       274866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       275155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       275155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       275155                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       275155                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135232395187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135232395187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    257492405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    257492405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135489887592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135489887592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135489887592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135489887592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     29043045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29043045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15750526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15750526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     44793571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44793571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     44793571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44793571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 491993.899526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491993.899526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 890977.179931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 890977.179931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 492412.958485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492412.958485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 492412.958485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492412.958485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       638592                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       638592                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           12869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       199810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       200027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       200027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        75056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        75128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        75128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35706952626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35706952626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     70548025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70548025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35777500651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35777500651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35777500651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35777500651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 475737.484358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475737.484358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 979833.680556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 979833.680556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 476220.592203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476220.592203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 476220.592203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476220.592203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              580.380316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1041940037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1781094.080342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    39.941615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   540.438701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.064009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.866088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10983272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10983272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10983272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10983272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10983272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10983272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94573697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94573697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94573697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94573697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94573697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94573697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10983328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10983328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10983328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10983328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10983328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10983328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1688816.017857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1688816.017857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1688816.017857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1688816.017857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1688816.017857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1688816.017857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       565655                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 282827.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72531006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72531006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72531006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72531006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72531006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72531006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1726928.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726928.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1726928.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726928.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1726928.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726928.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                75032                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              446605585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                75288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              5931.962398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.895751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.104249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     28722369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28722369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15729367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15729367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7697                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7697                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7676                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7676                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     44451736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       44451736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     44451736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      44451736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       274787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       274787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       275088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       275088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       275088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       275088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 135575969690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135575969690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    301165798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    301165798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 135877135488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135877135488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 135877135488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135877135488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     28997156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28997156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15729668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15729668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7697                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7697                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7676                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7676                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     44726824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44726824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     44726824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44726824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 493385.675778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493385.675778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1000550.823920                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1000550.823920                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 493940.613505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493940.613505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 493940.613505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493940.613505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1269814                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1269814                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           12916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       199828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       200056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       200056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        74959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        75032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        75032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35821862512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35821862512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     80639644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80639644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35902502156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35902502156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35902502156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35902502156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 477886.077883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477886.077883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1104652.657534                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1104652.657534                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 478495.870509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478495.870509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 478495.870509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478495.870509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              579.367156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1041961460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1784180.582192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.264534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   540.102622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.865549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11004695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11004695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11004695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11004695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11004695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11004695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96257674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96257674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96257674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96257674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96257674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96257674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11004751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11004751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11004751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11004751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11004751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11004751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1718887.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1718887.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1718887.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1718887.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1718887.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1718887.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544826                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544826                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74359432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74359432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74359432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74359432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74359432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74359432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1813644.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1813644.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1813644.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1813644.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1813644.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1813644.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                75266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              446731058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                75522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5915.244008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.896311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.103689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     28801856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28801856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15775312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15775312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     44577168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       44577168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     44577168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      44577168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       276162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       276451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       276451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       276451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       276451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 135181860678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135181860678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    308060535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    308060535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 135489921213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135489921213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 135489921213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135489921213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     29078018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29078018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15775601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15775601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     44853619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44853619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     44853619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44853619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 489502.033871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489502.033871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1065953.408304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1065953.408304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 490104.652228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490104.652228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 490104.652228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490104.652228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       622656                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       622656                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           12956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       200967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       201184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       201184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       201184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       201184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        75195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        75267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        75267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35660678264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35660678264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     80788311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80788311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35741466575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35741466575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35741466575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35741466575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 474242.679221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474242.679221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1122059.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122059.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 474862.377602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474862.377602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 474862.377602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474862.377602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
