
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.104615                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                104614513044                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632389889589                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 325781                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   414846                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1959386                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67614340                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53391.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17393937357                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22149244908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1834368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3675392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2578560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4164608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1438720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3632000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1803008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2484224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1426816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2519296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2504576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2568064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3688448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1875072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1434240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             40129280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11490560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11490560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        14331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        28714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        32536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        18941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        11240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        28375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        14086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        19408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        11147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        19682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        19567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        20063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        28816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        14649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        11205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                313510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           89770                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                89770                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        50165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17534546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35132716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24648205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        47718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39809085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23175064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13752585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34717936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17234779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23746457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        46495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13638796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24081707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23940999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24547875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     35257517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17923632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13709761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               383591902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        50165                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        47718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        46495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50165                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             740241                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         109837150                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              109837150                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         109837150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        50165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17534546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        47718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35132716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        45271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24648205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        47718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39809085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        46495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23175064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        47718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13752585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34717936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        46495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17234779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        40377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23746457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        46495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13638796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        41600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24081707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23940999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        45271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24547875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     35257517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        50165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17923632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13709761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              493429052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20646169                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16892617                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023861                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8664592                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8138431                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92251                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199117945                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115394739                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20646169                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10274858                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24102510                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5501112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4726687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12181818                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025219                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    231398143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207295633     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1127236      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1786694      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2420726      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2489094      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2103515      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1174846      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1754061      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11246338      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    231398143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082297                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459971                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197093122                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      6768720                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24059519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        26150                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3450627                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398410                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141627783                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1974                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3450627                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197632495                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1410031                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4120979                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23553287                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1230719                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141577573                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       168302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       536470                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197571797                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658595950                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658595950                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26026283                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35561                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18694                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3683657                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13266443                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7184516                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84819                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1733489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141414771                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35686                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134423205                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18348                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15444608                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36778405                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1677                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231398143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174472348     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23439635     10.13%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11871734      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8922640      3.86%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7011916      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2833694      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1791213      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       930934      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124029      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231398143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25242     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81817     36.63%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116324     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113060975     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001286      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12182562      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7161520      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134423205                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.535819                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223383                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500486284                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156895608                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132397552                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134646588                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2122161                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          144                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          547                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94912                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3450627                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1129615                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120304                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141450598                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        33109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13266443                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7184516                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18698                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101712                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          547                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180360                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131858                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312218                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132558148                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11463404                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1865057                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18624637                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18843238                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7161233                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528385                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132397801                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132397552                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76003570                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204790224                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527745                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18401692                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34009                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049371                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227947516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177457675     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25030980     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9450379      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4501926      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3811351      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2179576      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1897288      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       862314      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2756027      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227947516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144282                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865555                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2756027                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          366641434                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286351955                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3018762                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              19475990                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.508741                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.508741                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398606                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398606                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596630859                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184435442                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131283298                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33980                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20320080                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16618095                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1984787                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8501616                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8028056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2091989                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88476                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197299128                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            115277648                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20320080                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10120045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24168431                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5754772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3467970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12131282                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2000292                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    228662071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      204493640     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1313504      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2072787      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3298048      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1363190      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1530041      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1625734      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1061456      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11903671      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    228662071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.080997                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459504                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      195486292                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5294878                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24093332                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        61504                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3726061                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3331703                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          460                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    140785896                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         3003                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3726061                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      195785613                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1696382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2734487                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23861079                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       858445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    140704896                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        25392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       241925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       323101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41171                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    195350710                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    654543670                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    654543670                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    166903326                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       28447384                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        35922                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19783                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2582514                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13413069                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7206758                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       216658                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636428                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        140509605                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36021                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       133043888                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       162887                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17746379                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39366165                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3468                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228662071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172561509     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22517176      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12318794      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8389725      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7845107      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2259112      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1761491      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       598241      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       410916      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228662071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31028     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95737     38.66%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       120876     48.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111455845     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2101197      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16137      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12298606      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7172103      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    133043888                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530321                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247641                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495160375                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158293444                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130903753                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    133291529                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       401281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2397318                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          372                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1466                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       204094                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8295                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3726061                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1135094                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140545765                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57153                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13413069                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7206758                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19763                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87408                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           40                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1466                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1163157                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1129430                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2292587                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131149125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11567324                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1894763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18737721                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18454734                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7170397                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522769                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            130904758                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           130903753                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        76539398                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       199966321                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521791                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382761                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98038028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    120169431                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20376526                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32553                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2026819                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224936010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176150572     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23626486     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9199221      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4953227      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3712545      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072813      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1277732      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143127      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2800287      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224936010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     98038028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    120169431                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18018415                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11015751                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16240                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17249787                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       108281585                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2441155                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2800287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          362681017                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         284818187                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3183856                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              22212062                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          98038028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           120169431                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     98038028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.558947                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.558947                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390786                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390786                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      591436258                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     181458899                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     131306205                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        32524                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20387058                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16717436                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1996633                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8371088                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7957911                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2091482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89617                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194558670                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            115924110                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20387058                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10049393                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25494665                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5680989                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6491735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11987241                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1981770                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    230198421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      204703756     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2763273      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3201443      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1755410      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2016975      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1111686      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         753754      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1976666      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11915458      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    230198421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081264                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.462081                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      192970992                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      8109329                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25280761                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       202627                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3634711                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3310533                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18640                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    141514278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        92494                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3634711                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      193281861                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2842717                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      4395676                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        25185133                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       858314                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    141428674                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       219458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       400606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    196560050                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    658541179                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    658541179                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    167746646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       28813373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        36892                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20535                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2289493                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13497721                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7358554                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       194017                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1632022                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        141218521                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36964                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       133420635                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       184945                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17721487                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40982468                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4018                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230198421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173989700     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22603805      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12142078      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8415548      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7352480      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3757795      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       912255      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584475      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440285      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230198421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35315     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125028     43.15%     55.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129410     44.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111676063     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2088277      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16336      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12334333      9.24%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7305626      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    133420635                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531823                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            289753                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497514388                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158978251                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131200067                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    133710388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       337438                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2382453                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          815                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1281                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166698                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8170                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3634711                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2352268                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145486                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141255611                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13497721                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7358554                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20510                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102276                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1281                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1156560                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1123025                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2279585                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131445417                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11581704                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1975217                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18885673                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18390235                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7303969                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523950                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            131202166                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           131200067                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        77984300                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       204275543                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522972                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381760                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98506116                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    120855086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20401717                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32946                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2008184                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226563710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177197456     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22893694     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592150      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5763902      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3990634      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2576228      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1339468      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1076522      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2133656      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226563710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     98506116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    120855086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18307120                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11115264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16438                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17296471                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       108955677                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2458800                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2133656                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          365686194                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         286148413                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2980762                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              20675712                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          98506116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           120855086                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     98506116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.546787                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.546787                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392652                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392652                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      592944992                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     182092819                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     132070971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        32914                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19502792                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17601161                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1024283                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7276811                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6970988                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1076746                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45224                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206706994                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            122691462                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19502792                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      8047734                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24261153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       3219275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4977724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11866461                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1029448                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    238115381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      213854228     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         864763      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1772563      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         743065      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        4032614      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3587600      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         694649      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1455623      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11110276      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    238115381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489056                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      205546801                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6150949                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24171006                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        77616                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2169004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1709169                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    143878024                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2798                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2169004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      205756916                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       4436871                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1055070                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24052987                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       644526                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    143802753                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           88                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       274233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       233756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4196                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    168846980                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    677334209                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    677334209                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    149766386                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       19080588                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        16684                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8418                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1626492                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     33931908                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     17159319                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       155784                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       833839                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        143520587                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16735                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       137984079                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71631                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11067876                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26585425                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238115381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189110581     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14658274      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12041661      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5209153      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6604630      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6394581      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3631175      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286059      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179267      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238115381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349404     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2724627     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78957      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86561729     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1205421      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8262      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33086671     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17121996     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    137984079                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.550013                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3152988                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022850                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517308158                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154608711                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136804084                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    141137067                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       246668                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1308522                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          557                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3522                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101501                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12216                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2169004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       4075726                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       182436                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143537402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1348                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33931908                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17159319                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8421                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124113                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3522                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       596249                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       606276                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1202525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137015141                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32973980                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       968938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           50094606                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17950075                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         17120626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546151                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            136808404                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           136804084                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        73886910                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       145591444                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545310                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507495                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111164657                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    130636766                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12914938                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16654                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1046691                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235946377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188595271     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17267479      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8104620      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8011488      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2181772      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9326050      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       700665      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508001      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1251031      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235946377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    111164657                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    130636766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             49681196                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            32623383                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8314                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17251275                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       116167490                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1265370                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1251031                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          378246712                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         289272634                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4535260                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              12758752                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         111164657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           130636766                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    111164657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.256780                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.256780                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.443109                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.443109                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      677364361                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     158871763                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     171317027                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        16628                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20408431                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16733109                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1998350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8421806                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7971374                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2096058                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90213                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194831304                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            116051236                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20408431                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10067432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25521875                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5678767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6355379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12002362                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1983239                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    230357953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      204836078     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2766643      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3199980      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1759582      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2020982      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1112174      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         759563      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1980952      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11921999      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    230357953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081349                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462587                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      193248410                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7967911                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25309714                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       201176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3630741                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3315625                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        18654                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    141663242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        92515                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3630741                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      193557310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2842600                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4261065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25214606                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       851622                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    141579060                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       216543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       398105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    196772003                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    659244236                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    659244236                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    168013598                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       28758405                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37043                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20659                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2275129                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13508261                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7367532                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       194541                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1637744                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        141373986                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       133605485                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186166                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17681163                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40844342                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4137                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230357953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174071624     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22635868      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12158968      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8425720      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7361431      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3765111      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       912285      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       586036      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440910      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230357953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35242     12.24%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123631     42.93%     55.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129092     44.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111828856     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2090709      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16362      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12353974      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7315584      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    133605485                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.532560                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            287965                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    498043054                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159093558                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131386331                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    133893450                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       337227                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2375349                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          807                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1277                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164259                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8178                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3630741                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2354160                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145080                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141411244                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13508261                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7367532                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20653                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103025                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1277                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1159309                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1121357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2280666                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131632837                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11599614                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1972648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18913627                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18415835                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7314013                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524697                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            131388505                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           131386331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        78087696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       204536562                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523714                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381779                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98662739                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    121047222                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20365299                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32999                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2009908                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226727212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177283933     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22924953     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9608945      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5776322      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3994987      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2584723      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1338540      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077862      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2136947      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226727212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     98662739                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    121047222                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18336185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11132912                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             16464                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17323966                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       109128896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2462707                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2136947                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          366002123                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         286455857                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2983531                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              20516180                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          98662739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           121047222                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     98662739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.542744                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.542744                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393276                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393276                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      593804719                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     182349553                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     132221012                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        32968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       22691013                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18897981                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2067592                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8956860                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8322682                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2444533                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96334                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197720106                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            124504275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          22691013                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10767215                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25961340                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5737599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6814385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12276593                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1976685                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    234147183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.027657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      208185843     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1590227      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2021447      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3202393      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1335293      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1721310      0.74%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2012320      0.86%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         916127      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13162223      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    234147183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090448                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496282                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      196561917                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      8083661                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25838620                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        12069                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3650909                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3447610                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          443                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    152154711                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2445                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3650909                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      196759819                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        635427                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      6897925                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25653162                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       549935                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    151219480                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        79547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       383730                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    211269628                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    703294141                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    703294141                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    176963481                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       34306147                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        37311                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19760                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1936602                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14134589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7400373                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82957                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1674959                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        147662335                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37442                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       141741027                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       137279                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17791047                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36084947                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2042                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234147183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174065959     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27427220     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11192414      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6275150      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8501673      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2613726      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2577418      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1385285      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108338      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234147183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        977170     79.24%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129635     10.51%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126400     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119419258     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1938617      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17550      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12988437      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7377165      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    141741027                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.564989                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1233205                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008700                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    518999721                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165491494                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138058615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    142974232                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104709                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2632684                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          671                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91423                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3650909                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        484912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61281                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147699784                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14134589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7400373                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19761                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53567                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          671                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1233603                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1149184                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2382787                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139273680                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12777392                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2467347                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20154106                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19696699                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7376714                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.555154                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            138058907                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           138058615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        82722929                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       222230665                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.550310                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372239                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102953907                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    126863490                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20836859                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35400                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2085319                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230496274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176796405     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27213080     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9886011      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4922207      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4501099      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1893792      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1869618      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891793      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2522269      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230496274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    102953907                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    126863490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18810855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11501905                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17660                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18388757                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       114218330                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2619756                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2522269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          375673639                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         299051620                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2999153                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              16726950                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         102953907                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           126863490                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    102953907                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.436762                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.436762                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.410381                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.410381                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      626719833                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     192944266                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     140754517                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        35370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20343931                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16639472                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1984294                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8380300                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8020886                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2091046                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88116                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197341423                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            115482275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20343931                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10111932                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24199253                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5774631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3468033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12135375                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2000158                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    228755673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      204556420     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1315535      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2073169      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3301576      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1364005      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1521418      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1629505      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1059982      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11934063      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    228755673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081092                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460320                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      195519697                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5304297                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24123350                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        61843                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3746482                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3334183                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          460                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    141012324                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2993                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3746482                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      195823193                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1690731                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2742531                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23887330                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       865402                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    140929885                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        24063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       241561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       328198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39816                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    195661433                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    655617084                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    655617084                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    166961124                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       28700303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        35758                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19614                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2608783                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13422007                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7213505                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1644509                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        140730158                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35858                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       133152229                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163458                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17918083                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39946484                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3297                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228755673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172628328     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22517465      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12313582      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8404009      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7861181      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2257550      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1764094      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597177      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       412287      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228755673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30892     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        96147     38.78%     51.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       120877     48.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111546311     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2107453      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16142      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12303054      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7179269      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    133152229                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530753                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247916                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495471505                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158685535                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131012207                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    133400145                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       401335                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2402457                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          342                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1463                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       208442                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8310                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3746482                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1133316                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118466                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140766154                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13422007                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7213505                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19598                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86755                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1463                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1158689                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1133859                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2292548                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131258166                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11570374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1894063                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18747925                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18463903                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7177551                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523203                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            131013256                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           131012207                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        76602564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       200168995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522223                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382689                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98071818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    120210965                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20555356                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32561                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2026257                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225009191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176208432     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23635835     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9200374      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4954777      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3711868      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072521      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1279636      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143826      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2801922      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225009191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     98071818                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    120210965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18024613                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11019550                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17255776                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       108318982                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2442002                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2801922                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          362972927                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         285279320                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3184513                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              22118460                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          98071818                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           120210965                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     98071818                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.558065                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.558065                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390920                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390920                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      591903527                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     181606023                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     131519637                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        32532                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20651749                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16897421                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025564                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8678314                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8141686                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92378                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199157614                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            115419034                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20651749                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10278441                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24110422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5505982                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      4714998                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12185821                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2027250                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    231437203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      207326781     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1129031      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1789352      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2421508      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2489241      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2105179      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1174833      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1752027      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11249251      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    231437203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082319                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460067                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      197135160                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6754401                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24067481                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        26360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3453796                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3399289                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    141656556                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1961                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3453796                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      197674434                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1402393                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4116932                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23561393                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1228250                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    141605579                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       168295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       535195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    197611226                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    658722961                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    658722961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    171559267                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       26051959                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        35457                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18590                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3675430                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13269603                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7184634                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1653480                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        141438497                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       134437770                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18386                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15456000                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36827100                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1567                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231437203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174562589     75.43%     75.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23370398     10.10%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11853135      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8948838      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7022339      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2834407      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789394      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931991      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124112      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231437203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25168     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81865     36.65%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116355     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113072915     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001507      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16863      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12184712      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7161773      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    134437770                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.535877                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223388                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500554517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156930623                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132408853                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    134661158                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272591                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2124468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          144                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          549                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94493                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3453796                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1122969                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119857                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141474222                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        45005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13269603                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7184634                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18593                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101398                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          549                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181129                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1133317                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2314446                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132570084                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11464716                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1867686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18626218                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18845730                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7161502                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528433                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            132409093                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           132408853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        76010629                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       204799685                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527790                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371146                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100007997                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    123058688                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18415562                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34013                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2051077                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227983407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177537844     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24985862     10.96%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9455877      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4504140      1.98%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3779055      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2178268      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1918589      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860618      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2763154      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227983407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100007997                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    123058688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18235276                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11145135                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16968                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17745299                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       110874330                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2534023                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2763154                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          366693814                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         286402352                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3020379                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              19436930                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100007997                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           123058688                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100007997                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.508541                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.508541                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.398638                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.398638                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      596680520                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     184454827                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     131308317                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        33984                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19040635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16996081                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1518918                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12746108                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12413900                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146984                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46240                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201175750                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            108109397                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19040635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13560884                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24109749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       4972060                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3065834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            8                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12170727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1491152                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    231795921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      207686172     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        3670229      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1860662      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3632158      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1169146      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3362720      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         531310      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         857599      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        9025925      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    231795921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075897                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.430931                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      198698309                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5589061                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24062337                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19501                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3426712                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1803645                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17867                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    120986955                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        33782                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3426712                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      198974474                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       3370762                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1372525                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23808338                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       843103                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    120813476                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        94175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       677054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    158394855                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    547613926                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    547613926                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    128540343                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       29854489                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        16278                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8240                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1820776                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     21750010                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      3548765                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23550                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       806204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        120190075                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16335                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       112582324                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73349                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21607839                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44233243                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231795921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182394982     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15632553      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16471888      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9578340      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4945381      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1238250      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1471856      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34303      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28368      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231795921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189606     57.37%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77183     23.35%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63732     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88314471     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885428      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19855631     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518754      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    112582324                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.448760                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330521                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457364437                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141814548                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109729027                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    112912845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89581                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4421944                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          307                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81105                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3426712                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2273064                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103847                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120206491                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21750010                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3548765                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8236                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40294                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2321                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          307                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025407                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584585                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1609992                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111150473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19569196                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1431849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           23087773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16894235                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          3518577                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.443053                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            109754035                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           109729027                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        66395574                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       144766897                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.437387                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.458638                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87408149                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     98444784                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21766573                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16214                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1509381                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228369209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191697266     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14421596      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9252092      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2913994      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4830163      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943421      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       598938      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548275      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163464      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228369209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     87408149                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     98444784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20795726                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            17328066                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15100804                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        86043452                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1234348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3163464                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          345416777                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         243852124                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4465794                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19078212                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          87408149                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            98444784                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     87408149                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.870146                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.870146                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.348414                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.348414                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      516588415                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     143020487                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     128424193                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22698144                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18902271                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2067012                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8964431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8325941                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2445697                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96395                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197726902                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            124544633                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22698144                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10771638                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25969153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5738316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6761386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12277265                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1975932                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    234110074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      208140921     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1591092      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2017042      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3202362      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1336677      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1725391      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        2014534      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         917486      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13164569      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    234110074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090476                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.496443                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      196567349                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      8032073                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25846519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        11941                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3652185                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3450452                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    152212592                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2129                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3652185                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      196764814                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        636253                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6845114                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25661463                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       550239                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    151278701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        79849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       383934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    211331966                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    703571979                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    703571979                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    176994963                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       34336991                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        37290                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19736                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1936004                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14145916                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7403452                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82734                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1671002                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        147706428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       141783990                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       136797                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17808924                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36118950                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2013                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234110074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174022218     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27419621     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11196804      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6274267      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8512338      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2612882      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2577302      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1386750      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       107892      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234110074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        975233     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130182     10.57%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126438     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119453149     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1938988      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17553      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12994158      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7380142      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    141783990                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565160                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1231853                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519046704                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165553441                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138094751                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    143015843                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104190                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2641933                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          675                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93198                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3652185                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        485980                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60997                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147743853                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14145916                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7403452                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19737                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53286                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          675                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1230079                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150928                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2381007                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139311677                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12780957                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2472313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20160649                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19700349                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7379692                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555305                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            138095021                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           138094751                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        82750549                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       222317455                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550454                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372218                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102972248                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    126886183                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20858228                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35404                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2084729                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230457889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176753326     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27214796     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9883036      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4924725      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4502659      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1894729      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1869238      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891609      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2523771      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230457889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    102972248                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    126886183                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18814228                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11503974                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17662                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18392084                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       114238759                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2620240                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2523771                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          375677814                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         299141033                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2998286                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16764059                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         102972248                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           126886183                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    102972248                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.436328                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.436328                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410454                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410454                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      626889555                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     192987642                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     140799038                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        35374                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19038214                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16994019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1517148                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12750217                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12414649                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1147238                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46227                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201140135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            108102984                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19038214                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13561887                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24106382                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4967426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3072664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12167673                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1489429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    231760891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      207654509     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3668194      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1859146      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3631687      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1170951      0.51%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3362497      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         532611      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         858081      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        9023215      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    231760891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075888                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430905                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      198656840                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5601562                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24059172                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        19480                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3423836                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1802948                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        17874                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    120976637                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        33780                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3423836                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      198933482                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3374293                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1379104                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23804838                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       845331                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    120803892                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        94193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       679272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    158379986                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    547572413                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    547572413                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    128547360                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       29832606                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        16294                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8257                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1825077                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     21748743                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3549586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23208                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       806788                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        120180808                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       112578014                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72736                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21592428                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44219372                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231760891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182360583     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15634214      6.75%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16469714      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9580355      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4942861      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1238040      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1472537      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34255      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28332      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231760891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189076     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77292     23.41%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63754     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88306119     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885670      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19858798     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3519387      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    112578014                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.448743                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330122                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457319777                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141789889                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109726492                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    112908136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89031                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4420124                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          306                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81634                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3423836                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2274498                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103698                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120197250                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21748743                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3549586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8253                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2247                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          306                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025572                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       582703                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1608275                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111149296                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19571593                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1428718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           23090799                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16893697                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3519206                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.443048                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            109751693                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           109726492                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        66394757                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       144763638                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437377                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458643                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87412332                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     98449936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21752171                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16215                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1507609                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228337055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191660906     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14423631      6.32%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9254820      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2913612      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4829317      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       944278      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599213      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548331      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3162947      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228337055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     87412332                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     98449936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20796567                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            17328615                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15101571                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        86048081                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1234462                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3162947                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          345375890                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         243830758                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4464925                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19113242                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          87412332                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            98449936                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     87412332                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.870008                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.870008                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.348431                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.348431                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      516586140                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     143015737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     128419295                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19033044                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16989751                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1518418                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12749038                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12412678                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146620                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45988                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201138567                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            108080849                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19033044                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13559298                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24103555                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4970111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3061777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12167863                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490479                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    231747052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      207643497     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3668474      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1860667      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3631163      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1169513      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3362502      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         531149      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         857226      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9022861      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    231747052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075867                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430817                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      198674281                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5571884                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24056024                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19569                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3425293                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1802492                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17861                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    120953994                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        33766                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3425293                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      198949312                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3356192                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1373112                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23802501                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       840635                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    120780542                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        93851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       674621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    158346905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    547471849                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    547471849                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    128510654                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       29836235                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16266                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8231                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1818255                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     21745823                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3547149                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23556                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       806535                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        120159476                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16325                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       112557600                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72490                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21598356                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44216623                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231747052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182355601     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15628206      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16469392      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9578479      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4944758      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1238584      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1469370      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34295      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28367      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231747052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        188902     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77173     23.40%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63756     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88290448     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885386      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8037      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19856263     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3517466      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    112557600                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.448662                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329831                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457264570                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141774432                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109704061                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    112887431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88065                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4419713                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          281                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3425293                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2265198                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103337                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120175883                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21745823                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3547149                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8227                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40405                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2268                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          281                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025915                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       582879                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1608794                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111124908                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19566543                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1432689                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23083831                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16889181                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3517288                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.442951                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            109728860                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           109704061                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        66381233                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       144744695                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437287                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458609                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87390890                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     98423438                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21757303                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16211                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1508871                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228321759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191657075     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14419312      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9250309      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2912202      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4829159      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       944209      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599001      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548721      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3161771      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228321759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     87390890                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     98423438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20792524                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            17326107                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8088                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15097686                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        86024246                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1233903                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3161771                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          345340404                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         243789450                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4464266                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19127081                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          87390890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            98423438                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     87390890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.870713                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.870713                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.348346                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.348346                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      516478781                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     142984451                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     128392736                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20385668                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16714678                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1995868                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8397740                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7963285                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89772                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194617043                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            115923982                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20385668                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10056712                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25495499                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5670166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6449540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11988532                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1980845                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    230205392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      204709893     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        2767025      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        3195387      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        1756996      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2020819      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1109999      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         757504      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1976119      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11911650      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    230205392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081259                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.462080                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      193033613                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      8062466                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25282817                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       201829                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3624666                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3311671                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        18644                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    141506820                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        92323                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3624666                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      193343262                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2838032                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      4360081                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25187795                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       851547                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    141421847                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       216311                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       398360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    196548411                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    658516290                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    658516290                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    167844911                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       28703475                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        36977                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20613                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2277636                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13492647                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7361344                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       193929                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634796                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        141215508                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37056                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       133458363                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186477                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17650957                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40795200                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4089                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230205392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173979283     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22608807      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12150830      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8417340      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7351969      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3760331      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       911648      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585015      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440169      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230205392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35202     12.24%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       122942     42.74%     54.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129533     45.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111703354     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2087919      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16346      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12342465      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7308279      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    133458363                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531973                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            287677                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497596272                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158904784                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131241264                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    133746040                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       336152                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2370866                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          834                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1265                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165259                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8171                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3624666                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2347378                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144579                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141252684                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13492647                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7361344                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20593                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102591                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1265                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1157884                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1120086                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2277970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131488923                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11589349                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1969440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18895890                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18396180                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7306541                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.524123                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            131243313                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           131241264                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        77999520                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       204305852                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.523136                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381778                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98563792                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    120925831                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20328110                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32967                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2007394                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226580726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177186597     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22900676     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9600836      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5771048      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3990551      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2582768      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1337388      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1076929      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2133933      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226580726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     98563792                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    120925831                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18317866                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11121781                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16448                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17306586                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       109019477                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2460241                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2133933                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          365700071                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         286132634                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2980096                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              20668741                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          98563792                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           120925831                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     98563792                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.545297                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.545297                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392881                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392881                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      593155913                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     182147503                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     132077227                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        32936                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20315072                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16614138                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1986280                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8518560                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8026180                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2090839                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88301                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197310213                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            115237337                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20315072                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10117019                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24163459                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5755359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3474119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12131932                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2001740                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    228673407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      204509948     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1314282      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2074469      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3297856      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1361744      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1530993      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1622402      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1060661      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11901052      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    228673407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.080977                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.459343                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      195495457                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5303030                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24088062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        61723                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3725131                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3330746                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          465                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    140741722                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         3019                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3725131                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      195796604                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1697803                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2737390                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23854278                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       862197                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    140659890                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        27882                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       241848                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       324559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41414                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    195299435                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    654321104                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    654321104                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    166875609                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28423820                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35894                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19757                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2593036                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13413484                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7203701                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       216763                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1633822                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        140463331                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35993                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       133022644                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       162816                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17715114                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39240363                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3449                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228673407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172577466     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22515583      9.85%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12323721      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8387064      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7840368      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2257918      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1762739      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597453      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411095      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228673407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31000     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        96242     38.80%     51.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       120822     48.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111439129     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2100030      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16134      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12297773      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7169578      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    133022644                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530237                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            248064                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495129575                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158215881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130876886                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    133270708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       401972                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2399551                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          308                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1472                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       202196                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8295                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3725131                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1135897                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118936                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140499465                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56710                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13413484                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7203701                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87283                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1472                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1163361                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1130340                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2293701                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131121739                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11565515                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1900905                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18733415                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18453488                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7167900                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522659                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            130877914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           130876886                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        76525844                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       199918047                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521683                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382786                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98021666                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    120149508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20350156                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32544                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2028322                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224948276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176166954     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23625883     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9201255      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4949305      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3711824      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072812      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1279328      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1141444      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2799471      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224948276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     98021666                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    120149508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18015434                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11013929                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16236                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17246970                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       108263598                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2440756                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2799471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          362647806                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         284724665                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3184084                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              22200726                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          98021666                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           120149508                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     98021666                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.559374                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.559374                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390720                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390720                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      591311625                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     181426393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     131262513                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        32514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20635899                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16884369                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023773                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8646085                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8135037                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135816                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92338                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199056376                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            115334152                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20635899                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10270853                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24087766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5501882                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      4712287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12178403                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025241                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    231308301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      207220535     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1124064      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1782481      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2419508      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2490825      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2101700      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1175111      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1755608      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11238469      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    231308301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082256                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459729                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      197033772                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      6751921                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24044791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        26314                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3451498                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3396639                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    141560693                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1974                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3451498                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      197570030                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1409561                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4106303                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23541820                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1229084                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    141512826                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       168393                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       535494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    197477989                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    658293135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    658293135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171455300                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       26022650                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35516                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18661                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3676218                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13261717                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7180785                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84721                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1717542                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        141356661                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35636                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       134365351                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18364                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15447628                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36790474                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1643                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231308301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174420128     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23418159     10.12%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11858729      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8919895      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7011717      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2834555      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790011      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       930516      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124591      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231308301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24990     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81788     36.59%     47.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116756     52.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113011697     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2000463      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16853      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12178595      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7157743      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    134365351                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.535589                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223534                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500280897                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156840474                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132338511                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    134588885                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       271404                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2123292                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          151                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          552                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94901                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3451498                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1129518                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120099                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141392443                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14312                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13261717                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7180785                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18661                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101451                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          552                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181511                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131263                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2312774                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132497994                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11457184                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1867353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18614646                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18834158                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7157462                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.528145                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            132338719                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           132338511                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        75968152                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       204697468                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.527510                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99947439                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122984218                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18408230                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33993                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2049265                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227856803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177400277     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25010710     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9445815      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4500681      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3804963      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2178082      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1899425      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861777      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2755073      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227856803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     99947439                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122984218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18224306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11138422                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16958                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17734553                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110807253                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2532497                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2755073                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          366493489                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         286236482                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3019506                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19565832                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          99947439                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122984218                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     99947439                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.510061                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.510061                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.398397                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.398397                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      596357692                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     184349570                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     131215149                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33964                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              250874133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       22702620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18904974                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2065602                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8964522                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8325798                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2445897                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96397                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197734882                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            124564568                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          22702620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10771695                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            25972942                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5733404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6721936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12276309                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1974354                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    234078896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      208105954     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1592163      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2018061      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3202179      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1337316      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1723958      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2012940      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         918524      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13167801      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    234078896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090494                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.496522                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      196575446                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      7993007                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25849733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        12013                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3648690                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3452114                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          446                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    152231568                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2092                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3648690                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      196774294                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        634623                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      6806159                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        25663235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       551889                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    151290687                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        79477                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       385611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    211355874                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    703616737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    703616737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    177050127                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       34305717                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        37290                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19730                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1944630                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14145250                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7405493                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82987                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1676612                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        147731683                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37420                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       141813379                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       138047                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17793499                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36083417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2004                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234078896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173974437     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27427822     11.72%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11205012      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6274574      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8509031      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2615199      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2578252      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1386372      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108197      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234078896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        976809     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130289     10.56%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126440     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119477161     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1939546      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17559      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12996689      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7382424      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    141813379                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565277                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1233538                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008698                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519077232                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165563291                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138127059                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    143046917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2637672                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          690                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92933                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3648690                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        483903                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61484                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147769109                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115320                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14145250                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7405493                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19731                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53803                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          690                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1229304                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150641                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2379945                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139344097                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12784353                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2469275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20166328                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19707736                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7381975                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.555434                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            138127345                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           138127059                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        82767419                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       222342700                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550583                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372252                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    103004332                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    126925722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20843939                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35416                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2083322                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230430206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176706931     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27223875     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9888026      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4928030      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4502704      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1894265      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1869977      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891482      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2524916      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230430206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    103004332                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    126925722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18820134                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11507574                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18397803                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       114274364                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2621054                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2524916                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          375674236                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         299188044                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2997058                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              16795237                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         103004332                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           126925722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    103004332                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.435569                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.435569                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.410582                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.410582                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      627028457                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     193031614                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     140823729                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        35386                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         313678                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.496372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1838073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         346442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.305572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           229.635710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.320248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1329.013102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.356948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2199.186568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.020738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1797.933978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.067248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2835.924323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.082439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1798.927882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.163886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1019.253030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.361030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2145.140896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.255562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1300.844894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.904478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1691.576065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.296910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1041.917841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.084513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1688.673010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.100950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1711.619828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.002237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1813.022075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.798239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2189.820434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.479502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1306.875204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.541160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1029.993357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           296.031401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           406.355687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           341.767854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           365.076020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           432.123372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           289.024055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           449.647290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           326.905946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           363.173684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           288.438082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           360.384051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           349.963385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           348.183184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           387.973121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           287.653448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           287.601509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.040558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.067114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.054869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.086546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.054899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.031105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.065465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.039699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.051623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.031797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.051534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.052234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.055329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.066828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.039883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.031433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.009034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.012401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.011141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.013187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.008820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.013722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.009976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.008802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.010998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.011840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.008778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.008777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        47937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        24867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        42948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        26638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        24946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        42528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        24883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  540771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           165063                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                165063                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          132                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        25076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        26789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        42662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   542985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35319                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        25076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43080                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        26789                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34931                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25157                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34731                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34775                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35330                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        42662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26212                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25088                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  542985                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                313483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 313510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32536                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18941                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28375                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14086                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19408                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19682                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20063                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28816                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14649                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11205                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                313510                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6374779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2342075540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6077623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4704140190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6027201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3316068856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5883524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5305528963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6008534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3113269581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6035092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1843823401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5930603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4657912651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5603388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2298059575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4945811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3159621619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5712636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1831216172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5117651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3202264463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5413769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3183102961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5755443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3295938660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5850376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4732085289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6291346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2394850973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5850803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1834801781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51307639254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1008420                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1412682                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       319671                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       472503                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       302383                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       867576                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4383235                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6374779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2342075540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6077623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4704140190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6027201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3317077276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5883524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5305528963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6008534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3114682263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6035092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1843823401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5930603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4658232322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5603388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2298059575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4945811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3160094122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5712636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1831216172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5117651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3202566846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5413769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3183102961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5755443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3296806236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5850376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4732085289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6291346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2394850973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5850803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1834801781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      51312022489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6374779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2342075540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6077623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4704140190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6027201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3317077276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5883524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5305528963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6008534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3114682263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6035092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1843823401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5930603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4658232322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5603388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2298059575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4945811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3160094122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5712636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1831216172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5117651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3202566846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5413769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3183102961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5755443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3296806236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5850376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4732085289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6291346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2394850973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5850803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1834801781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     51312022489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        80473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        54270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        54343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        54272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        55235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              854254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       165063                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            165063                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        80551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        54339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        54413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        54342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        55393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               856495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        80551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        54339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        54413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        54342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        55393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              856495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.364144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.404310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.342283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.308841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.403902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.310491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.366967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.037736                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.014925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.043478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.028571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.031646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.350623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.363209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.403918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.403145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.308737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.366038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.350623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.363209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.403918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.403145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.308737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.366038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155482.414634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163427.223502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155836.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163827.407885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162897.324324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164659.062317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150859.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163066.417599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158119.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164444.833140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154745.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164041.227847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152066.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164167.083178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147457.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163144.936462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149873.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162825.128524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150332.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164278.834843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150519.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162716.690193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159228.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162677.107426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155552.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164320.403829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150009.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164217.285154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153447.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163482.215373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150020.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163748.485587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163669.606499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       168070                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 156964.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 159835.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       157501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151191.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 173515.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162342.037037                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155482.414634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163427.223502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155836.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163827.407885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162897.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164660.078233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150859.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163066.417599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158119.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164441.278866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154745.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164041.227847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152066.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164166.777868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147457.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163144.936462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149873.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162824.305544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150332.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164278.834843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150519.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162715.519053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159228.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162677.107426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155552.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164322.695310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150009.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164217.285154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153447.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163482.215373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150020.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163748.485587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163669.492166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155482.414634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163427.223502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155836.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163827.407885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162897.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164660.078233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150859.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163066.417599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158119.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164441.278866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154745.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164041.227847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152066.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164166.777868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147457.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163144.936462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149873.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162824.305544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150332.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164278.834843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150519.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162715.519053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159228.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162677.107426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155552.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164322.695310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150009.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164217.285154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153447.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163482.215373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150020.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163748.485587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163669.492166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                89770                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     89770                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           313483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            313510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           313510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3992171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1507624723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3804265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3032090415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3876274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2143077175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3611061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3411637229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3797574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2010699582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3767392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1189356399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3662785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3005872776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3394234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1477824405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3028121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2029295184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3506832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1182119648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3139236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2055870802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3435108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2043203297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3605342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2127779585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3581085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3054089478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3906856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1541814607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3583875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1182280116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33052327632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       657320                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       886880                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       203043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       298346                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       185897                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       576876                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2808362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3992171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1507624723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3804265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3032090415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3876274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2143734495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3611061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3411637229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3797574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2011586462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3767392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1189356399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3662785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3006075819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3394234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1477824405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3028121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2029593530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3506832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1182119648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3139236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2056056699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3435108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2043203297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3605342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2128356461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3581085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3054089478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3906856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1541814607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3583875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1182280116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33055135994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3992171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1507624723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3804265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3032090415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3876274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2143734495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3611061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3411637229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3797574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2011586462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3767392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1189356399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3662785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3006075819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3394234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1477824405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3028121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2029593530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3506832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1182119648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3139236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2056056699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3435108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2043203297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3605342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2128356461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3581085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3054089478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3906856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1541814607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3583875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1182280116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33055135994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.364144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.404310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.342283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.308841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.403902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.310491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.366967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.037736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.014925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.028571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.031646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.350623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.363209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.403918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.403145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.308737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.366038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.350623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.363209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.403918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.403145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.308737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.366038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97370.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105200.245831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97545.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105596.239291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104764.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106414.279507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92591.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104857.303571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99936.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106206.400909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96599.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105814.626246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93917.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105941.309555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89321.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104914.411827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91761.242424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104575.891987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92285.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106048.232529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92330.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104464.979776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 101032.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104420.876833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97441.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106081.343354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91822.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105985.892490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95289.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105250.502219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91894.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105513.620348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105435.789603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109553.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98542.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101521.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99448.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92948.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115375.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104013.407407                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97370.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105200.245831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97545.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105596.239291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104764.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106415.214445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92591.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104857.303571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99936.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106202.759200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96599.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105814.626246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93917.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105940.998026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89321.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104914.411827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91761.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104575.099444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92285.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106048.232529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92330.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104463.809521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 101032.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104420.876833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97441.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106083.659523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91822.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105985.892490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95289.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105250.502219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91894.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105513.620348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105435.667105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97370.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105200.245831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97545.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105596.239291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104764.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106415.214445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92591.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104857.303571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99936.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106202.759200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96599.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105814.626246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93917.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105940.998026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89321.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104914.411827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91761.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104575.099444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92285.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106048.232529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92330.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104463.809521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 101032.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104420.876833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97441.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106083.659523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91822.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105985.892490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95289.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105250.502219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91894.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105513.620348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105435.667105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.013675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012189864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1950269.487476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    43.013675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.068932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12181768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12181768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12181768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8397017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8397017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8397017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8397017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8397017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8397017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12181818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12181818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12181818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167940.340000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167940.340000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167940.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167940.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167940.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167940.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7246356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7246356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7246356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7246356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7246356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7246356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164689.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164689.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164689.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164689.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164689.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164689.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40873                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166568961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.915169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.148712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.851288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8382935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8382935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18567                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18567                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16990                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16990                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15439011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15439011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15439011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15439011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       131003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16281245183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16281245183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     76891976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76891976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16358137159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16358137159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16358137159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16358137159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8513938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8513938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18567                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18567                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16990                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16990                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15570900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15570900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15570900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15570900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124281.468234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124281.468234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86785.525959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86785.525959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124029.579108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124029.579108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124029.579108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124029.579108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        91016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        91016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        91016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        91016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4254400238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4254400238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10147306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10147306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4264547544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4264547544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4264547544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4264547544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104474.245813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104474.245813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 67200.701987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67200.701987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104336.543537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104336.543537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104336.543537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104336.543537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              529.027855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1017906554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1920578.403774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    39.027855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.062545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12131229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12131229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12131229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12131229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12131229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12131229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8534123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8534123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8534123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8534123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8534123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8534123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12131282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12131282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12131282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12131282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12131282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12131282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161021.188679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161021.188679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161021.188679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161021.188679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161021.188679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161021.188679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6784297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6784297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6784297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6784297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6784297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6784297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169607.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169607.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169607.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169607.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169607.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169607.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                71435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              181279555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                71691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2528.623607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.156336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.843664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8412494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8412494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6968996                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6968996                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19571                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19571                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15381490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15381490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15381490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15381490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       181357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       182167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       182167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       182167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       182167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22225777898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22225777898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     69684326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69684326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22295462224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22295462224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22295462224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22295462224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8593851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8593851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6969806                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6969806                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19571                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19571                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15563657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15563657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15563657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15563657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122552.633193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122552.633193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86030.032099                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86030.032099                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122390.236563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122390.236563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122390.236563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122390.236563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            9346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       110056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       110056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       110732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       110732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7858225116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7858225116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8977729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8977729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7867202845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7867202845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7867202845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7867202845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110211.990239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110211.990239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66997.977612                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66997.977612                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110130.928046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110130.928046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110130.928046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110130.928046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.209798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1013311346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1948675.665385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    36.209798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.058029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11987195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11987195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11987195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11987195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11987195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11987195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7946095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7946095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7946095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7946095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7946095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7946095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11987241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11987241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11987241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11987241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11987241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11987241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172741.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172741.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172741.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172741.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172741.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172741.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6622830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6622830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6622830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6622830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6622830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6622830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       174285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       174285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       174285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       174285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       174285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       174285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                55464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              172627739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                55720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3098.128841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.983235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.016765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.913997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.086003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8453014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8453014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7152832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7152832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17396                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17396                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16457                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16457                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15605846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15605846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15605846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15605846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       189583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       193343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       193343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       193343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       193343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24765906890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24765906890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    489505560                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    489505560                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25255412450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25255412450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25255412450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25255412450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8642597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8642597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7156592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7156592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17396                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17396                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16457                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16457                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15799189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15799189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15799189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15799189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 130633.584710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130633.584710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 130187.648936                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130187.648936                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 130624.912461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130624.912461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 130624.912461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130624.912461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18400                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           18400                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       134278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       137879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       137879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5889723761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5889723761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11251819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11251819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5900975580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5900975580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5900975580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5900975580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106495.321598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106495.321598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 70766.157233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70766.157233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106392.895932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106392.895932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106392.895932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106392.895932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              580.106306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1042823175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1788718.996569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    39.094225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.012081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.062651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11866410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11866410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11866410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11866410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11866410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11866410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8040569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8040569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8040569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8040569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8040569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8040569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11866461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11866461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11866461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11866461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11866461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11866461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157658.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157658.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157658.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157658.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157658.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157658.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6410165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6410165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6410165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6410165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6410165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6410165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160254.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160254.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160254.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160254.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160254.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160254.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                80551                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              450314726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                80807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5572.719269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.899507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.100493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     31118932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31118932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17040682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17040682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8322                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8322                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8314                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8314                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     48159614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       48159614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     48159614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      48159614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       284805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       284805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       285065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       285065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       285065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       285065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34367422403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34367422403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     22986808                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22986808                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34390409211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34390409211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34390409211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34390409211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     31403737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31403737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17040942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17040942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8314                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8314                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     48444679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48444679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     48444679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48444679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120670.010720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120670.010720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 88410.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88410.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120640.587975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120640.587975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120640.587975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120640.587975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           13056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       204332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       204332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       204514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       204514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       204514                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       204514                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        80473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        80551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        80551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8985615731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8985615731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5572303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5572303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8991188034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8991188034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8991188034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8991188034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111660.006847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111660.006847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 71439.782051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71439.782051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111621.060372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111621.060372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111621.060372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111621.060372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              519.746025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1013326467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1944964.428023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.746025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12002316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12002316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12002316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12002316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12002316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12002316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8108082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8108082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8108082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8108082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8108082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8108082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12002362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12002362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12002362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12002362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12002362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12002362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176262.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176262.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176262.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176262.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176262.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176262.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6821032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6821032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6821032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6821032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6821032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6821032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174898.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174898.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174898.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174898.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174898.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174898.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                55473                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172652835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                55729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3098.078828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.986520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.013480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8466637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8466637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7164167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7164167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15630804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15630804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15630804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15630804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       189890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3787                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3787                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       193677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       193677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       193677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       193677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  24618860503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24618860503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    485826597                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    485826597                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25104687100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25104687100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25104687100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25104687100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8656527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8656527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7167954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7167954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15824481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15824481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15824481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15824481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129648.009390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129648.009390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128287.984420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128287.984420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129621.416585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129621.416585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129621.416585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129621.416585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1869                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         1869                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           19544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       138204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       138204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5755821754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5755821754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11790081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11790081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5767611835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5767611835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5767611835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5767611835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104062.876354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104062.876354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72778.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72778.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103971.514701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103971.514701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103971.514701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103971.514701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.228820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1015375983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2047128.997984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.228820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.064469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12276543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12276543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12276543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12276543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12276543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12276543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8494771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8494771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8494771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8494771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8494771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8494771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12276593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12276593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12276593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12276593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12276593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12276593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169895.420000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169895.420000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169895.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169895.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169895.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169895.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7146585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7146585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7146585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7146585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7146585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7146585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174306.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174306.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174306.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174306.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174306.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174306.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                36316                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              164327045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                36572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4493.247430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.433098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.566902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9782716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9782716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7271085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7271085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17685                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17685                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17053801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17053801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17053801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17053801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        93156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2135                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2135                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        95291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        95291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10071724584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10071724584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    140053610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    140053610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10211778194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10211778194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10211778194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10211778194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9875872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9875872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7273220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7273220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17149092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17149092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17149092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17149092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108116.756666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108116.756666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65598.880562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65598.880562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107164.141356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107164.141356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107164.141356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107164.141356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        63112                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 21037.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        57049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        58975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        58975                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58975                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3615529374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3615529374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15662029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15662029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3631191403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3631191403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3631191403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3631191403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100133.751738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100133.751738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 74937.937799                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74937.937799                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99988.748843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99988.748843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99988.748843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99988.748843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              528.730906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1017910647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1920586.126415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.730906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.062069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12135322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12135322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12135322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12135322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12135322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12135322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8168233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8168233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8168233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8168233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8168233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8168233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12135375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12135375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12135375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12135375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12135375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12135375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154117.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154117.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154117.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154117.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154117.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154117.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6656072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6656072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6656072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6656072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6656072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6656072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166401.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166401.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166401.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166401.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166401.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166401.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                71455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              181284630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                71711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2527.989151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.154126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.845874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8415339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8415339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6971386                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6971386                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16266                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16266                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15386725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15386725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15386725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15386725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       180767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       181577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       181577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       181577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       181577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21958534672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21958534672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     71966374                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71966374                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22030501046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22030501046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22030501046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22030501046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8596106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8596106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6972196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6972196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19407                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19407                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16266                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16266                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15568302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15568302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121474.244038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121474.244038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 88847.375309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88847.375309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121328.698271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121328.698271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121328.698271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121328.698271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9098                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            9098                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       109446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       110122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       110122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        71321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        71455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        71455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7836742712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7836742712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9295855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9295855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7846038567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7846038567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7846038567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7846038567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109879.877063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109879.877063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69372.052239                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69372.052239                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109803.912490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109803.912490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109803.912490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109803.912490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              514.831732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1012193869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1961616.025194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    39.831732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.063833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12185773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12185773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12185773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12185773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12185773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12185773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7781656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7781656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7781656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7781656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7781656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7781656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12185821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12185821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12185821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12185821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12185821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12185821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162117.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162117.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162117.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162117.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162117.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162117.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6629511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6629511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6629511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6629511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6629511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6629511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161695.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161695.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161695.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161695.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161695.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161695.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                40875                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              166570092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                41131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4049.745739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.149124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.850876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.910739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.089261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8383629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8383629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7056613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18465                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18465                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16992                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16992                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15440242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15440242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15440242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15440242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       130954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          883                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          883                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       131837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       131837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       131837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       131837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16155568568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16155568568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     77314092                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77314092                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16232882660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16232882660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16232882660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16232882660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8514583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8514583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7057496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7057496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18465                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18465                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16992                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16992                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15572079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15572079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15572079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15572079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123368.271057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123368.271057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87558.428086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87558.428086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123128.428742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123128.428742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123128.428742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123128.428742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        90230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        90962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        90962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4225072638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4225072638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10200193                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10200193                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4235272831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4235272831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4235272831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4235272831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103748.959778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103748.959778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 67550.947020                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67550.947020                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103615.237456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103615.237456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103615.237456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103615.237456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              558.510204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              932315719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1661881.852050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.493370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.016834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.052073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12170687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12170687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12170687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12170687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12170687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12170687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6474436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6474436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6474436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6474436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6474436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6474436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12170727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12170727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12170727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12170727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12170727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12170727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161860.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161860.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161860.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161860.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161860.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161860.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5518514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5518514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5518514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5518514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5518514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5518514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162309.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162309.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162309.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162309.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162309.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162309.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                54339                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              224690107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                54595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4115.580310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   202.693913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    53.306087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.791773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.208227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17865064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17865064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3450955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3450955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     21316019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       21316019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     21316019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      21316019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       189399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       189728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       189728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       189728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       189728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21661721860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21661721860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31209351                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31209351                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21692931211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21692931211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21692931211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21692931211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18054463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18054463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3451284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     21505747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21505747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     21505747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21505747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114370.835432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114370.835432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94861.249240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94861.249240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114337.004612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114337.004612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114337.004612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114337.004612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        54270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        54339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        54339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5699573201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5699573201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4879552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4879552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5704452753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5704452753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5704452753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5704452753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105022.539174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105022.539174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 70718.144928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70718.144928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104978.979241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104978.979241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104978.979241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104978.979241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              494.147630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1015376651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2051265.961616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    39.147630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.062737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12277211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12277211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12277211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12277211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12277211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12277211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8405278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8405278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8405278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8405278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8405278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8405278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12277265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12277265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12277265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12277265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12277265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12277265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155653.296296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155653.296296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155653.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155653.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155653.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155653.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6476710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6476710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6476710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6476710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6476710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6476710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161917.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161917.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161917.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161917.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161917.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161917.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                36304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              164331897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                36560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4494.854951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.433892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.566108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9786291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9786291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7272378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7272378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17687                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17687                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17058669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       17058669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17058669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      17058669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        93132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2141                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2141                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        95273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        95273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        95273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        95273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10085971706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10085971706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    142047300                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    142047300                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10228019006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10228019006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10228019006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10228019006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9879423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9879423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7274519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19460                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19460                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17687                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17687                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17153942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17153942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17153942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17153942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108297.595950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108297.595950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66346.240075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66346.240075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107354.854009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107354.854009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107354.854009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107354.854009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       183289                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 22911.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3608061909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3608061909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16009175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16009175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3624071084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3624071084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3624071084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3624071084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99965.697199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99965.697199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 75872.867299                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75872.867299                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99825.668907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99825.668907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99825.668907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99825.668907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.195780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              932312663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1658919.329181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    34.076635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.119145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12167631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12167631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12167631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12167631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12167631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12167631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6443112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6443112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6443112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6443112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6443112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6443112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12167673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12167673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12167673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12167673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12167673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12167673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153407.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153407.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153407.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153407.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153407.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153407.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5603427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5603427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5603427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5603427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5603427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5603427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160097.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160097.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160097.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160097.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160097.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160097.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                54413                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              224692830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                54669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4110.059266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   203.025958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    52.974042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.793070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.206930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17867503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17867503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3451239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21318742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       21318742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21318742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      21318742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       189562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       189898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       189898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       189898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       189898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21768073511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21768073511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     30736219                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30736219                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21798809730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21798809730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21798809730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21798809730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18057065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18057065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3451575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21508640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21508640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21508640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21508640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114833.529457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114833.529457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91476.842262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91476.842262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114792.202814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114792.202814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114792.202814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114792.202814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       135219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       135485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       135485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        54343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        54413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        54413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5732394612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5732394612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4848144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4848144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5737242756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5737242756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5737242756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5737242756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105485.427967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105485.427967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69259.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69259.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105438.824472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105438.824472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105438.824472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105438.824472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              559.068835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              932312852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1658919.665480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.949732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.119102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.054407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12167820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12167820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12167820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12167820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12167820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12167820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7117317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7117317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7117317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7117317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7117317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7117317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12167863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12167863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12167863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12167863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12167863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12167863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       165519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       165519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       165519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       165519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       165519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       165519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5966131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5966131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5966131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5966131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5966131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5966131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170460.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170460.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170460.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170460.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170460.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170460.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                54342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              224688625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                54598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4115.327027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.236253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.763747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.789985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.210015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17864833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17864833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3449714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3449714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21314547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       21314547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21314547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      21314547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       189499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       189499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21724699451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21724699451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     29019077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29019077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21753718528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21753718528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21753718528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21753718528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18054001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18054001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3450045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3450045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21504046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21504046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21504046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21504046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114843.416704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114843.416704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87670.927492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87670.927492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114795.954216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114795.954216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114795.954216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114795.954216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       134896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        54272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        54342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        54342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5716836839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5716836839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4660818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4660818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5721497657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5721497657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5721497657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5721497657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105336.763690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105336.763690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 66583.114286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66583.114286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105286.843638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105286.843638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105286.843638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105286.843638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              518.737422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1013312635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1948678.144231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.737422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.058874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11988484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11988484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11988484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11988484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11988484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11988484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8031559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8031559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8031559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8031559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8031559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8031559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11988532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11988532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11988532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11988532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11988532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11988532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167324.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167324.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167324.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167324.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167324.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167324.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6488842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6488842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6488842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6488842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6488842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6488842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       170759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       170759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       170759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       170759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       170759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       170759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                55393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              172639603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                55649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3102.294794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.030472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.969528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8460604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8460604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7157034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7157034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17457                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17457                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15617638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15617638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15617638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15617638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       189348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3766                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3766                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       193114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       193114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       193114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       193114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24724812209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24724812209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    485159488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    485159488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25209971697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25209971697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25209971697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25209971697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8649952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8649952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7160800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7160800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17457                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17457                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15810752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15810752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15810752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15810752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130578.681629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130578.681629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 128826.204992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128826.204992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130544.505820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130544.505820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130544.505820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130544.505820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       103200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       103200                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           18544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       134113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       137721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       137721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        55235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        55393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        55393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5865345306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5865345306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11188131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11188131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5876533437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5876533437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5876533437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5876533437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106188.925609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106188.925609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 70810.955696                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70810.955696                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106088.015399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106088.015399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106088.015399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106088.015399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              528.989076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1017907207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1920579.635849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.989076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.062482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12131882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12131882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12131882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12131882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12131882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12131882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8112819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8112819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8112819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8112819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8112819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8112819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12131932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12131932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12131932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12131932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12131932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12131932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162256.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162256.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162256.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162256.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162256.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162256.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6593299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6593299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6593299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6593299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6593299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6593299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164832.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164832.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164832.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164832.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164832.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164832.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                71478                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              181276105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                71734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2527.059762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.151177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.848823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8410205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8410205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6967848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6967848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19563                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19563                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15378053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15378053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15378053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15378053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       181552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          807                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          807                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       182359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       182359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22257393271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22257393271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     68598094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68598094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22325991365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22325991365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22325991365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22325991365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8591757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8591757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6968655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6968655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19563                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19563                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15560412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15560412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15560412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15560412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122595.142279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122595.142279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85003.833953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85003.833953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122428.788077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122428.788077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122428.788077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122428.788077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       110208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       110208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       110881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       110881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        71344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        71478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        71478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7884619059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7884619059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8855159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8855159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7893474218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7893474218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7893474218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7893474218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110515.517198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110515.517198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66083.276119                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66083.276119                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110432.219956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110432.219956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110432.219956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110432.219956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.183898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012186448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1950262.905588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    43.183898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.069205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12178352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12178352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12178352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12178352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12178352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12178352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8384639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8384639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8384639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8384639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8384639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8384639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12178403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12178403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12178403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12178403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12178403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12178403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164404.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164404.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164404.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164404.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164404.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164404.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7098531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7098531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7098531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7098531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7098531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7098531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161330.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161330.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161330.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161330.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161330.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161330.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                40861                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166561288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                41117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4050.910524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.147366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.852634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.910732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.089268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8378964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8378964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7052412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7052412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16982                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16982                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15431376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15431376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15431376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15431376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       130824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       131670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       131670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       131670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       131670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16351721654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16351721654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     72494114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72494114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16424215768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16424215768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16424215768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16424215768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8509788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8509788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7053258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7053258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18537                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18537                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16982                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16982                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15563046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15563046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15563046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15563046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124990.228505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124990.228505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85690.442080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85690.442080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124737.721334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124737.721334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124737.721334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124737.721334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90809                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90809                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4286742495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4286742495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9694933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9694933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4296437428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4296437428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4296437428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4296437428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105286.565025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105286.565025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66403.650685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66403.650685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105147.632902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105147.632902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105147.632902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105147.632902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              494.883381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1015375696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2047128.419355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.883381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.063916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12276256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12276256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12276256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12276256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12276256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12276256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8674581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8674581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8674581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8674581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8674581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8674581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12276309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12276309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12276309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12276309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12276309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12276309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163671.339623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163671.339623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163671.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163671.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163671.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163671.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6760670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6760670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6760670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6760670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6760670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6760670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164894.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164894.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164894.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164894.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164894.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164894.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                36293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              164336323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                36549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4496.328846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.437924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.562076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.911867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.088133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9788326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9788326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7274770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7274770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17693                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17693                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17063096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17063096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17063096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17063096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        93101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2043                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2043                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        95144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        95144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        95144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        95144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10136438757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10136438757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    135188474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    135188474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10271627231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10271627231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10271627231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10271627231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9881427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9881427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7276813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7276813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17693                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17693                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17158240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17158240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17158240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17158240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108875.723752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108875.723752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66171.548703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66171.548703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107958.749170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107958.749170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107958.749170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107958.749170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        99142                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 19828.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        57013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        58851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        58851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3607414959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3607414959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15394439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15394439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3622809398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622809398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3622809398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622809398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99961.620456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99961.620456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 75094.824390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75094.824390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99821.161050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99821.161050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99821.161050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99821.161050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
