
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106615                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106614889149                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               631442482686                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 302436                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   387014                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1871342                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67625788                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56972.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17230529836                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22049121302                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3692800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1436160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2512128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4115968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4198400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2564864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2577920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      3756544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1444608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4201728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2539264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1878912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2534784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1432448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2561024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1449856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             42973696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9775488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9775488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        28850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        11220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        19626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        32156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        32800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        20038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        20140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        29348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        11286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        32826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        19838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        14679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        19803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        11191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        20008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        11327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                335732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           76371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                76371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34636813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13470539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23562638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     38605940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        49224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39379115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        40820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24057278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        39619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24179737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     35234703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13549777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        54026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39410330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23817161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        51625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17623355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        44422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     23775141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13435722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24021260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        43221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13599001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               403074058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45622                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45622                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        49224                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        40820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        39619                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45622                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45622                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        54026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        51625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        44422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        43221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             715547                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          91689707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               91689707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          91689707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34636813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        43221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13470539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        40820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23562638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     38605940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        49224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39379115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        40820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24057278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        39619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24179737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        45622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     35234703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13549777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        54026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39410330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        40820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23817161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        51625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17623355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        44422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     23775141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13435722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24021260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        43221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13599001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              494763765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20731979                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16953891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2021077                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8582669                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8180845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2133398                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201189084                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117669887                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20731979                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10314243                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24657131                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5872074                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3520108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12369402                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2037269                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233172979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      208515848     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1337317      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2111855      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3362413      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1393546      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1552744      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1662793      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1084445      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12152018      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233172979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081088                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460239                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199335583                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5388475                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24579600                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        63128                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3806190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3400402                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          467                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143681164                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3020                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3806190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199640797                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1734103                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      2767787                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24343478                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       880619                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143600877                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        26085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       248302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       331664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42854                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199370295                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668042500                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668042500                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241826                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29128452                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        36396                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19934                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2644819                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13674722                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7353906                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222084                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1672939                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143403481                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36501                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135730043                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166912                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18177417                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40463322                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3297                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233172979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175948924     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22964975      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12554430      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8566095      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8009238      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2303391      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1797433      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       608526      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       419967      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233172979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31657     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97525     38.61%     51.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123405     48.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113700912     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2148138      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12544922      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7319610      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135730043                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530877                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252587                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505052563                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161618906                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133556354                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135982630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       408685                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2438325                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          351                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       210890                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8459                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3806190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1159421                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120815                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143440118                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47244                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13674722                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7353906                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19919                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88643                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181463                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1152036                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2333499                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133806916                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11799058                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1923126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19116997                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18825309                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7317939                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523355                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133557399                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133556354                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78087300                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204015870                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522375                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382751                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20865741                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33204                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2063923                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229366789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179605649     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24100888     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9379636      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5054441      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3785576      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114951      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1302414      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1166305      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2856929      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229366789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379413                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448786                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2856929                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          369949518                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290687094                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3245273                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22498219                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.556712                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.556712                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.391127                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.391127                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603414490                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185130141                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134023323                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23152206                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19275604                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2104592                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8903459                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8472434                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2492077                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97885                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201532661                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            127018261                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23152206                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10964511                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            26476254                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5848292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      6845768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12512505                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011658                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    238579312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      212103058     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1625319      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2044597      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3262057      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1368435      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1756235      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        2049406      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         936964      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13433241      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    238579312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090555                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.496803                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      200349077                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      8143299                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        26350508                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        12321                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3724106                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3524756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          524                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    155237331                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2244                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3724106                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      200551741                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        648933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      6930367                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        26160547                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       563610                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    154281050                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        81310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       393264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    215502840                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    717459583                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    717459583                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    180460428                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       35042411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        37654                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19757                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1979884                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     14428375                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7555431                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84592                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1705449                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        150639307                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37789                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       144584724                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144392                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18170696                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36888014                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1691                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238579312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177314341     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27944402     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11424952      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6399466      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8675533      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2669011      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2627446      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1413131      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111030      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238579312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996523     79.12%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133989     10.64%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128919     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121807366     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1976357      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17897      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13250981      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7532123      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    144584724                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.565510                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1259431                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529152583                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168848493                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140824467                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    145844155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106731                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2699390                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          703                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102219                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           54                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3724106                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        494718                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62286                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150677101                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14428375                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7555431                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19757                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54364                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          703                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1248061                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1179280                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2427341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142069783                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13035544                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2514941                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20567067                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       20094233                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7531523                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.555674                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            140824856                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           140824467                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        84364776                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       226606852                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.550803                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104987531                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    129369081                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21308627                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36098                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2122610                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234855206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180103934     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27746048     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10074232      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5020388      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4589765      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1930218      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1906335      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909043      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575243      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234855206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    104987531                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    129369081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             19182197                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11728985                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18008                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18751791                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       116474261                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2671446                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2575243                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          382956943                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         305079538                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3053583                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              17091886                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         104987531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           129369081                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    104987531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.435253                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.435253                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.410635                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.410635                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      639263124                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     196787949                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     143598168                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        36068                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19400531                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17325102                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546686                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12987328                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12672325                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165441                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        47002                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205080829                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            110168119                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19400531                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13837766                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24570898                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5066958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3133062                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12407275                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1518177                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    236296408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      211725510     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3745668      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1892549      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3709961      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1188227      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3435079      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         541104      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         871377      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9186933      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    236296408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075881                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430898                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      202625864                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5634892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24522357                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19854                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3493437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1829704                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18158                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    123236222                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        34359                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3493437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      202900282                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3408239                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1384484                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24267793                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       842169                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    123058373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        96000                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       672906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    161284780                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    557715261                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    557715261                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    130860059                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       30424705                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16517                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8356                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1831585                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     22204734                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3603112                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23272                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       817087                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        122422786                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16576                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       114668698                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74215                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22027676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45104546                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236296408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185983079     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15888814      6.72%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16813794      7.12%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9761352      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5030092      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1260186      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1495479      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34828      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28784      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236296408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192217     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78625     23.43%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64748     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89915114     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898634      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8161      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20274059     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572730      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    114668698                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.448501                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335590                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466043609                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144467320                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111761564                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    115004288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90929                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4518024                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          288                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82167                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3493437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2325745                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103639                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122439457                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22204734                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3603112                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8354                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41362                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2334                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          288                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045856                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593663                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1639519                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113215979                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19981725                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1452719                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           23554244                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17212590                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3572519                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.442819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            111787518                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           111761564                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        67634237                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       147282797                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.437130                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89050102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    100253867                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22190637                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16460                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1536979                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232802971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195479439     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14662855      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9421804      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2964792      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4922687      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958304      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608802      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556356      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3227932      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232802971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     89050102                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    100253867                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             21207652                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            17686707                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15382196                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        87612734                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1253384                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3227932                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          352019205                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         248385218                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4561712                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              19374790                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          89050102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           100253867                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     89050102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.871094                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.871094                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348299                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348299                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      526268793                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     145624618                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     130895333                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19884209                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17943572                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1042092                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7702476                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7122741                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100345                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46287                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210888501                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            125072428                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19884209                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      8223086                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24746422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       3267392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      5054139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12104024                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047414                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    242888245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      218141823     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         889527      0.37%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1807811      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         759746      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        4119294      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3661642      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         710682      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1476003      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11321717      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    242888245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077773                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489192                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      209715917                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6239489                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24656499                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        77661                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2198676                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1744108                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    146671382                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2787                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2198676                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      209922214                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       4507529                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1077953                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24542519                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       639351                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    146595985                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       277342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       229883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5042                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    172089181                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    690521145                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    690521145                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    152795388                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       19293770                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        17032                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8603                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1608417                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     34611648                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     17507685                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       850138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        146314342                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17084                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       140746775                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73154                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11188209                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26739570                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           98                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242888245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192889704     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14958897      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12296055      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5311004      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6730916      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6528446      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3698508      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291906      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182809      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242888245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356828     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2778754     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80435      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88280040     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1229023      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8428      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33760183     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17469101     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    140746775                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.550499                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3216017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022850                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527670962                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157523200                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139546772                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    143962792                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1326944                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          553                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3573                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12460                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2198676                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       4137741                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146331516                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1285                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34611648                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17507685                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8604                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126509                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           80                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3573                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       608982                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       612991                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1221973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139762452                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33645005                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       984319                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           51112600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18312125                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         17467595                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546649                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            139551147                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           139546772                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        75368665                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       148462106                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545806                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507663                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113413893                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    133279732                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13066177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16986                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1065119                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240689569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192376643     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17617359      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8270870      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8175770      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2226040      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9517437      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711736      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518150      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1275564      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240689569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    113413893                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    133279732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             50688032                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            33284695                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17600255                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       118517560                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1290872                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1275564                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          385759576                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         294890765                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4625745                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              12782953                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         113413893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           133279732                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    113413893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.254320                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.254320                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.443593                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.443593                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      690988900                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     162027853                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     174685884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        16960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19880806                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17939068                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1038533                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7566166                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7115916                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1099760                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46268                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210765079                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            125069115                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19880806                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      8215676                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24738605                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3261130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      5060106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12094853                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1043886                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    242760422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      218021817     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         887890      0.37%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1806274      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         758303      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        4117585      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3658333      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         709218      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1477291      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11323711      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    242760422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077759                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.489180                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      209594931                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6243037                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24648449                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        77881                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2196121                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1745396                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    146654856                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2798                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2196121                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      209802374                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       4515004                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1073605                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24533745                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       639570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    146579392                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           93                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       277590                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       231076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3085                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    172066456                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    690433762                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    690433762                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    152785015                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       19281429                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        17021                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8591                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1613249                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     34596746                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     17505862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160824                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       849827                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        146297787                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17073                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       140713051                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72523                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11195134                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26811568                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242760422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192785358     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14943440      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12287836      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5311993      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6731110      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6527834      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3698341      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291776      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182734      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242760422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356516     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2777460     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80488      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88254186     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1229904      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8428      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33752729     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17467804     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    140713051                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550367                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3214464                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527473511                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157513545                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139518519                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    143927515                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253681                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1316554                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          545                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3560                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104780                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12462                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2196121                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       4144855                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       186014                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146314946                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34596746                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17505862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8593                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127100                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           80                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3560                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606210                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       612512                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1218722                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139733533                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33638964                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       979518                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           51105350                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18309562                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         17466386                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.546536                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            139522926                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           139518519                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        75343971                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       148401649                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.545695                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507703                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113403971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    133268457                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13060593                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16986                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1061433                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240564301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192258820     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17611548      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8269227      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8178383      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2224442      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9516903      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       710376      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518049      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1276553      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240564301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    113403971                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    133268457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             50681267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            33280185                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17598902                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       118507638                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1290872                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1276553                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          385616460                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         294854445                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4621014                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              12910776                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         113403971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           133268457                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    113403971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.254517                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.254517                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443554                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443554                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      690842560                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     161988226                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     174676057                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19391603                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17315804                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1545671                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12981639                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12664571                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46807                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205007284                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            110123538                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19391603                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13829075                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24559840                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5063456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3128191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           55                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12401874                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1517357                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    236204495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      211644655     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3745234      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1891332      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3706518      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1186857      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3432970      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         540585      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         871629      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9184715      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    236204495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075846                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430723                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      202517036                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5665184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24511514                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19788                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3490969                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1830588                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18145                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    123188394                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        34327                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3490969                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      202794650                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3427905                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1385468                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24254698                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       850801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    123012410                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        96347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       681246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    161222595                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    557507555                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    557507555                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    130819398                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       30403197                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16522                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8361                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1841600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     22193108                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3602488                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23400                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       818106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        122378197                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       114629900                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74669                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22016701                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45066876                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236204495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185904873     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15890634      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16803555      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9756960      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5030841      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1260456      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1493414      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34948      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28814      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236204495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192811     57.36%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78602     23.38%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64740     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89887557     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898645      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8160      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20263394     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572144      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    114629900                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.448349                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465875117                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144411754                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111724190                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    114966053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90798                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4513368                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82297                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3490969                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2326980                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104416                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122394885                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14798                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22193108                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3602488                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8358                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2334                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044311                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593640                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1637951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113176482                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19971436                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 108                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23543362                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17206040                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3571926                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.442664                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            111749585                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           111724190                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        67610593                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       147235197                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.436984                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.459201                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89020425                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    100221695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22178205                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16460                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1535986                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232713526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195402155     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14658297      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9418135      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2963373      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4921355      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958777      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608524      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556720      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3226190      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232713526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     89020425                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    100221695                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21199931                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            17679740                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15377091                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        87585043                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1253099                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3226190                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          351886898                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         248293530                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4557463                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19466703                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          89020425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           100221695                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     89020425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.872051                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.872051                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.348183                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.348183                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      526082049                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     145574253                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     130842284                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              255671197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19389527                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17313321                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1545050                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13001118                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12665976                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164160                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        47027                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204984794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            110103455                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19389527                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13830136                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24555375                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5061656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3126241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           27                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12400236                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1516487                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    236174341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      211618966     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3744204      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1889578      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3706649      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1188092      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3433723      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         540785      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         871302      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9181042      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    236174341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075838                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430645                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      202523829                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5633915                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24507033                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3489755                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1830554                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    123162712                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        34391                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3489755                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      202798805                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3406849                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1383423                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24251933                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       843572                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    122985547                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        95682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       674543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    161183489                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    557374331                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    557374331                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    130794785                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       30388691                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16516                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8360                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1831444                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     22188829                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3601796                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23785                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       817968                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        122351436                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16575                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       114605167                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22006080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45045718                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236174341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185883507     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15885313      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16804843      7.12%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9756575      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5028998      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1258504      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1493059      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34759      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28783      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236174341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192106     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78602     23.44%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64679     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89866902     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898107      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8157      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20260997     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3571004      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    114605167                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.448252                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335387                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465794258                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144374390                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111703398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    114940554                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90519                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4511017                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          309                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82579                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3489755                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2319462                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103701                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122368104                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22188829                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3601796                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8358                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41238                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2314                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          309                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045258                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592331                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1637589                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113155105                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19969977                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1450062                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           23540797                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17204504                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3570820                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.442581                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            111729191                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           111703398                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67595629                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       147190298                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.436903                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.459240                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89005586                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    100203849                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22169307                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16451                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1535365                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232684586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195380244     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14655551      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9416088      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2963006      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4920298      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958624      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608473      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556462      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3225840      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232684586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     89005586                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    100203849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21197027                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            17677810                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8208                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15374513                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        87569047                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1252766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3225840                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          351831564                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         248238847                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4558650                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              19496856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          89005586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           100203849                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     89005586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.872530                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.872530                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.348125                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.348125                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      525983678                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     145544732                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     130820523                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16434                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20708503                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16934689                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022797                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8547637                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8167249                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2132345                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89935                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201072886                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            117537654                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20708503                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10299594                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24623310                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5873843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3512485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12363650                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2038537                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    233015443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      208392133     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1329495      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2103357      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3361234      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1390040      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1554578      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1659564      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1089329      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12135713      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    233015443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.080997                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.459722                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      199216224                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5383940                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24546686                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        62300                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3806290                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3396632                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          473                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    143532508                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         3074                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3806290                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      199518429                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1730910                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2767495                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24312732                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       879582                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    143456901                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        25510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       246685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       333344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39516                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    199175361                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    667349600                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    667349600                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    170078801                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       29096560                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        36507                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20061                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2653965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13664963                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7346574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1669747                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143274239                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36607                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       135620004                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166451                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18156327                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40368650                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3434                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233015443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175843403     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22942054      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12545839      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8551616      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8005190      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2301620      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1797409      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       608386      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       419926      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233015443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31606     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97532     38.64%     51.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123247     48.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113613314     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2144573      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16445      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12533614      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7312058      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    135620004                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530447                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252385                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504674287                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161468679                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133439191                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    135872389                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       409340                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2439354                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          324                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       210421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8453                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3806290                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1156839                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121548                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143310985                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8515                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13664963                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7346574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20038                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89323                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183336                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153087                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2336423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133687838                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11785879                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1932166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19096219                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18807872                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7310340                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.522890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            133440252                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           133439191                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        78013492                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       203833897                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.521917                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382731                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99904196                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    122457131                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20854076                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2065578                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229209153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179496002     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24077462     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9372156      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5047692      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3781128      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113143      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303036      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1164434      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2854100      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229209153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     99904196                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    122457131                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18361762                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11225609                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16550                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17578312                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       110342925                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2487689                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2854100                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          369665584                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         290428910                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3244683                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              22655755                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          99904196                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           122457131                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     99904196                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.559164                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.559164                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390753                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390753                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      602872307                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     184968990                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     133874653                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        33142                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       23162782                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19284954                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2103739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8792403                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8466144                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2491758                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97575                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201502367                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            127070303                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          23162782                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10957902                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            26485543                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5856262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6887352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12512434                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011152                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    238608679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      212123136     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1625475      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2042013      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3257998      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1373267      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1756707      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2045878      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         938152      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       13446053      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    238608679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090596                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.497007                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      200316574                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      8187419                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        26359319                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        12498                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3732868                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3526283                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          549                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    155329727                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2314                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3732868                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      200519490                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        651330                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      6969025                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        26168762                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       567196                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    154373330                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        81879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       395405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    215600424                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    717866674                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    717866674                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    180450777                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       35149642                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        37344                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19448                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1993419                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     14455368                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7560460                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84697                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1714077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        150719685                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37479                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       144613767                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       146159                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18240199                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37131514                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1381                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238608679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177334469     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27944164     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11427356      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6405219      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8673214      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2673692      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2627766      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1411070      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111729      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238608679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996951     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       136291     10.80%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128927     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121831344     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1976966      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17896      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13250014      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7537547      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    144613767                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1262169                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529244541                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168998058                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140854589                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    145875936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107386                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2727023                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          697                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107653                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           62                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3732868                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        496075                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62058                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150757169                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117955                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14455368                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7560460                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19448                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54114                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          697                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1245713                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1183833                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2429546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142099683                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13035364                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2514084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           20572191                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       20097168                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7536827                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555791                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            140855038                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           140854589                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        84389200                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       226698876                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.550921                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372252                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104981926                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    129362118                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21395629                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36098                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2121766                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234875811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180126879     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27748718     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10071512      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5019056      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4589014      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1926384      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909663      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909426      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575159      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234875811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    104981926                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    129362118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             19181149                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11728342                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             18008                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18750761                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       116468001                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2671297                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2575159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          383057671                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         305248388                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3055436                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              17062519                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         104981926                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           129362118                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    104981926                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.435383                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.435383                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.410613                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.410613                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      639376871                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     196815823                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     143655792                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        36068                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19881916                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17940822                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1040421                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7490203                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7108897                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1099095                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46187                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210754932                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            125067798                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19881916                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      8207992                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24730363                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3266806                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      5078534                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12095356                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1045681                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    242764281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      218033918     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         880734      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1806585      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         758680      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4111304      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3657797      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         710061      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1483355      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11321847      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    242764281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077764                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.489174                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      209571188                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      6275151                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24640219                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        77782                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2199938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1744884                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          515                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    146653877                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2807                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2199938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      209784907                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       4531383                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1076815                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24518946                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       652289                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    146578057                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       277552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       237249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3392                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    172084520                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    690404600                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    690404600                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    152744612                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       19339888                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        17009                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8582                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1652537                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     34589884                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     17500035                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       850213                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        146295011                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17059                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       140695455                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72446                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11214675                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26872486                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           77                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242764281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192793335     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14944824      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12288119      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5309346      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6731196      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6520308      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3702925      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291343      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182885      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242764281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355920     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2776660     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80435      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88252902     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1229330      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8426      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33742394     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17462403     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    140695455                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.550298                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3213015                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527440652                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157530279                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139500041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    143908470                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252710                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1319182                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          545                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3543                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103872                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12460                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2199938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       4160332                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       186072                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146312156                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1367                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34589884                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17500035                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8581                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127276                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3543                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       605629                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614304                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1219933                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139714881                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33628398                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       980574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           51089446                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18305989                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         17461048                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546463                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            139504463                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           139500041                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        75332381                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       148400843                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545623                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507628                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113373286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    133232580                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13094110                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16982                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1063298                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240564343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192270670     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17609872      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8266285      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8175257      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2223549      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9512959      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711033      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518566      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1276152      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240564343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    113373286                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    133232580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             50666863                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            33270700                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17594198                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       118475787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1290564                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1276152                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          385614543                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         294853586                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4620642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              12906917                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         113373286                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           133232580                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    113373286                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.255127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.255127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443434                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443434                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      690729116                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     161990145                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     174659315                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19392263                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17316628                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1545117                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12989277                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12668495                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164727                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        47036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205033269                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            110127919                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19392263                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13833222                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24562702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5061266                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3113229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12402704                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1516639                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    236216677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      211653975     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3745174      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1891775      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3708316      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1187931      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3433662      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         540839      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         871037      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        9183968      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    236216677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075848                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430740                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      202568687                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5624752                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24514350                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        19584                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3489300                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1830249                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        18152                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    123193009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        34336                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3489300                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      202843940                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3400627                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1379562                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24259314                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       843930                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    123015756                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        95746                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       675216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    161225443                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    557522928                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    557522928                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    130846435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       30378982                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        16522                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8362                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1832691                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     22194348                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3603538                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23593                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       818722                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        122382959                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16582                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       114637157                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74010                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21999962                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45049663                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236216677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185911097     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15890878      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16809689      7.12%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9759401      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5029677      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1258295      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1493859      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34887      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28894      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236216677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192074     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78541     23.42%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64745     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89891165     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898652      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8161      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20266376     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572803      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    114637157                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.448377                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335360                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465900361                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144399809                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111734264                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    114972517                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4511098                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          318                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82607                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3489300                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2312697                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103938                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122399641                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15780                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22194348                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3603538                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8360                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41113                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2376                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          318                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045461                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591870                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1637331                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113186729                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19975002                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1450428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           23547607                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17208217                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3572605                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.442704                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            111759719                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           111734264                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        67616396                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       147232732                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437023                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.459248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89038555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    100242320                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22162323                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16460                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1535423                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232727377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195406694     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14663069      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9420876      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2964107      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4921033      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959414      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608214      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557068      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3226902      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232727377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     89038555                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    100242320                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             21204174                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            17683243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15380284                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        87603085                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1253377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3226902                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          351904780                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         248301349                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4557879                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19454521                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          89038555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           100242320                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     89038555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.871466                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.871466                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.348254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.348254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      526131663                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     145585361                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     130850394                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       21040943                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17216628                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2062733                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8855343                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8294343                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2176891                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94298                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202917970                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            117596864                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          21040943                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10471234                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24565353                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5607399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      4830389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12414991                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2064360                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    235831619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      211266266     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1151628      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1823076      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2465828      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2536345      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2144497      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1196130      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1785256      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11462593      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    235831619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082297                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.459954                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      200856300                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6909459                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24521601                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        26725                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3517531                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3462588                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    144328998                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1989                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3517531                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      201406978                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1422905                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      4228298                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24004823                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1251081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    144276426                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       170909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       545527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    201348724                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    671156707                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    671156707                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    174803715                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       26544981                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        36131                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18947                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         3745119                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13519363                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7320825                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85639                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1717193                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        144101767                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36260                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       136965504                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18762                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15745321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37543077                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1603                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235831619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177855411     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23848352     10.11%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12085984      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9108362      3.86%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7147340      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2887469      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1823109      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       949997      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125595      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235831619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25442     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83370     36.64%     47.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118735     52.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115195877     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039328      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17181      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12415810      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7297308      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    136965504                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.535710                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227547                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510008930                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159883919                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134898383                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    137193051                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       275862                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2163547                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          153                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          572                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96594                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3517531                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1138429                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122750                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144138169                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13519363                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7320825                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18950                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103757                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          572                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1203642                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154035                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2357677                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135061623                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11679935                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1903875                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18976972                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       19200395                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7297037                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.528263                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            134898640                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           134898383                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        77440601                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       208650507                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527624                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371150                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101898826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    125385255                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18752932                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34657                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2088729                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232314088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180891737     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25480629     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9634122      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4586175      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3866096      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2220014      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1945646      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       877825      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2811844      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232314088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    101898826                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    125385255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             18580047                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11355816                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             17290                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         18080597                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       112970734                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2581947                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2811844                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          373639729                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         291793972                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3077008                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19839579                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         101898826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           125385255                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    101898826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.509069                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.509069                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.398554                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.398554                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      607895114                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     187929941                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     133786278                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        34626                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20812954                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17070376                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2036392                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8588060                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8131825                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2131258                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90556                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198424642                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            118286053                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20812954                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10263083                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            26020579                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5790169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6508439                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12225658                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2020920                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    234675902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      208655323     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        2815122      1.20%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        3260152      1.39%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        1792138      0.76%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2084421      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1130505      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         767429      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        2017468      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12153344      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    234675902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081405                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.462649                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      196835142                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      8129128                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25813133                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       195294                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3703203                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3376284                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        19033                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    144421712                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        94388                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3703203                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      197140241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2938744                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      4326151                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25716152                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       851409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    144330758                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       225129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       395749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           16                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    200553594                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    672057156                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    672057156                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    171134190                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       29419397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37587                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20902                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2282515                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13788261                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7503692                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198938                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1666824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        144108354                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37651                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       136110833                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       190209                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18138371                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42040752                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4038                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234675902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177336465     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23050847      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12390125      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8583199      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7503930      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3847784      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       917172      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       598573      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447807      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234675902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35618     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129383     43.56%     55.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132033     44.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113930662     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2129686      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16665      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12583806      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7450014      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    136110833                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.532367                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            297034                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002182                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507384811                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162285687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133856386                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    136407867                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344808                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2448885                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          854                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1314                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166970                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8334                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3703203                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2436229                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149043                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144146123                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13788261                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7503692                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20861                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105333                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1314                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1177357                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1148301                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2325658                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134111542                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11817488                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1999291                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19265503                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18762744                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7448015                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.524547                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            133858507                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           133856386                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        79570462                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       208484287                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.523549                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381662                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100494283                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    123294251                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20853006                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2048058                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230972699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180613925     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23354359     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9784590      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5874021      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4076271      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2626060      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1368037      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1098445      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2176991      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230972699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    100494283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    123294251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18676095                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11339374                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16770                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17645455                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       111154799                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2508442                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2176991                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          372942289                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         291997798                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3041117                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              20995296                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         100494283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           123294251                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    100494283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.544137                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.544137                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.393061                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.393061                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      604940485                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     185777059                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     134752624                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33582                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       23167606                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19288686                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2103541                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8788639                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8467674                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2493163                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97627                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201523404                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            127095883                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          23167606                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10960837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            26491427                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5858040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6880291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12513737                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    238630512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      212139085     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1625767      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2042086      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3259904      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1371261      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1758339      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2046096      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         938934      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13449040      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    238630512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090615                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.497107                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      200336997                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      8180768                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        26365374                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        12534                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3734838                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3527315                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          552                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    155368431                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2672                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3734838                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      200540323                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        650331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      6963341                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        26174337                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       567334                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    154411347                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        81457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       395451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    215650137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    718051341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    718051341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    180477785                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       35172317                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37278                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19378                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1995072                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14463067                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7561457                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85085                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1715546                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        150761931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37412                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       144646319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       146689                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18261857                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37190112                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1311                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238630512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177348576     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27943727     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11428961      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6406895      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8675051      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2675647      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2627587      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1412520      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111548      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238630512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996834     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       136492     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128964     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121857506     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1977009      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17899      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13255085      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7538820      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    144646319                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.565751                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1262290                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008727                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529332128                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169061896                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140885004                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    145908609                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107407                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2732964                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          699                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           85                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3734838                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        494667                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150799351                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118457                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14463067                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7561457                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19378                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54787                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          699                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1244259                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1183993                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2428252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142131745                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13038583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2514573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20576739                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       20100622                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7538156                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.555916                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            140885472                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           140885004                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        84406235                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       226756860                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.551040                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372232                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104997610                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    129381513                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21418508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36101                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2121549                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234895674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180139739     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27751673     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10073147      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5018385      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4590905      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1926703      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909800      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910120      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575202      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234895674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    104997610                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    129381513                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19184042                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11730103                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             18010                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18753577                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       116485486                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2671714                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2575202                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          383119765                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         305334915                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3055076                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              17040686                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         104997610                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           129381513                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    104997610                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.435019                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.435019                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.410674                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.410674                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      639520820                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     196857776                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     143683867                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        36070                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19392445                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17315921                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546737                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13002618                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12666115                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164041                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46865                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205002779                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            110124236                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19392445                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13830156                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24558153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5067433                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3120946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12402665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1518342                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    236193919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      211635766     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3745099      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1889135      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3706342      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1188480      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3432205      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         541174      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         871858      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9183860      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    236193919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075849                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430726                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      202531918                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5638530                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24509828                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19765                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3493874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1830914                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18144                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    123184547                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        34297                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3493874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      202807742                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3413230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1379262                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24254502                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       845305                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    123007381                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        95861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       676421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    161215315                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    557470551                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    557470551                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    130782135                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       30433174                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16523                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8368                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1834707                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     22194524                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3601310                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23127                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       817934                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        122371605                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16582                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       114614374                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73762                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22035235                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45111382                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236193919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185902932     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15885935      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16800950      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9757659      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5029503      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1258729      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494406      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34971      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28834      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236193919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191922     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78551     23.44%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64680     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89874273     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898181      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8156      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20263044     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3570720      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    114614374                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.448288                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465831582                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144423717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111706895                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    114949527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89980                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4517923                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          304                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82584                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3493874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2321557                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104196                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122388270                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14514                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22194524                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3601310                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8363                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41246                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2312                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          304                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045169                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594457                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1639626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113162501                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19973361                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1451873                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           23543878                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17204532                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3570517                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.442609                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            111732793                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           111706895                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        67598598                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       147191555                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.436916                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.459256                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88997715                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    100194374                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22198916                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1537042                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232700045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195396679     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14655860      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9415776      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2962948      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4920070      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959171      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608788      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556769      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3223984      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232700045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88997715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    100194374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             21195323                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            17676597                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8208                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15373064                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        87560603                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1252578                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3223984                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          351869013                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         248283206                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4559262                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19477279                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88997715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           100194374                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88997715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.872784                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.872784                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.348094                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.348094                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      526013737                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     145551572                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     130840660                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              255671198                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       23163450                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19286367                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2103472                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8838162                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8472047                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2492840                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201513565                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            127071256                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          23163450                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10964887                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26486663                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5852232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6893278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12512571                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2010952                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    238623194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      212136531     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1625269      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2044099      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3259618      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1370824      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1759480      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2048517      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         937216      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13441640      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    238623194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090599                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.497010                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      200328334                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      8192421                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26360825                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        12477                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3729136                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3525378                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          552                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    155318537                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2670                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3729136                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      200531115                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        650515                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      6975471                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26170736                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       566213                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    154363452                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        81521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       395090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    215600640                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    717836945                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    717836945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    180487180                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       35113460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        37369                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19470                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1989507                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14444457                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7559007                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84649                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1713152                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        150702599                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37505                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       144624825                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143839                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18207750                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37005774                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238623194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177342820     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27948886     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11429102      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6402728      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8677427      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2670775      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2625551      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414578      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111327      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238623194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        995263     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134860     10.71%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128953     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121839548     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1977156      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17899      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13254039      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7536183      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    144624825                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565667                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1259076                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529275759                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168948542                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140862736                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    145883901                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107241                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2713725                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          690                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104690                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           22                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3729136                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        495704                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62060                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150740112                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14444457                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7559007                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19470                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54131                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          690                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1245558                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1181703                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2427261                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142107842                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13037836                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2516983                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20573392                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       20097266                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7535556                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.555823                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            140863182                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           140862736                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        84395914                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       226705579                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550953                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372271                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105003064                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    129388284                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21352388                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36101                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2121490                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234894058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180134211     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27751921     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10073586      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5022228      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4591368      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1928224      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1907564      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909117      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575839      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234894058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    105003064                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    129388284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19185049                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11730732                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             18010                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18754577                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       116491570                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2671855                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2575839                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          383058163                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         305210497                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3052928                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              17048004                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         105003064                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           129388284                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    105003064                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.434893                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.434893                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.410696                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.410696                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      639433394                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     196835692                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     143657348                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        36070                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         335848                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.718873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2027785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         368616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.501077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           223.907146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.038593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2139.795201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.719707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1020.884924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.743978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1620.543924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.561443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2629.854178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.668960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  2585.871039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.375263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1614.098077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.456638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1621.581316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.842717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2120.361035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.883575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   986.854855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.579576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2601.055444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.662898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1629.893196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     4.234207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1229.160498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.559366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1693.303967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.621914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   993.992672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.627839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1641.557326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.504080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   977.476026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           419.454550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           257.372835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           349.011398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           388.309939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           395.914821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           326.440302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           319.312939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           400.052275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           269.021621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           401.476880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           327.245642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           292.590267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           375.532600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           287.555220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           304.965311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           273.190694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.065301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.031155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.049455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.080257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.078915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.049258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.049487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.064708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.030116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.079378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.049740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.037511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.051676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.030334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.050096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.029830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.012801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.007854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.011850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.012082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.012209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.008210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.012252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.008929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.011460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.009307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.008337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        49762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        49202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        25579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        49228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        26837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  579587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           154855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                154855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          215                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2011                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        49840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        49275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        25790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        49289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        26991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   581598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        49840                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        49275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35531                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        25790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        49289                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        26991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  581598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                335695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 335732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19626                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32800                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11286                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32826                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19838                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14679                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19803                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20008                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                335732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5540813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4728851770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5597110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1838998965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5615898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3183637827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5910539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5238902322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6444328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5330515951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5460416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3249936022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5207152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3268981593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5702035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4808523169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5792810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1852603682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6783361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5344530102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5254214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3220492127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6529813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2390144471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5656809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3258543793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5776288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1832747086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5217279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3242188738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5356078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1851822851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54733265412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       152308                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       930007                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       517681                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       336949                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2965367                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       761047                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       502832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       6166191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5540813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4728851770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5597110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1838998965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5615898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3183790135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5910539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5238902322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6444328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5331445958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5460416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3250453703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5207152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3269318542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5702035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4808523169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5792810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1852603682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6783361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5347495469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5254214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3221253174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6529813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2390144471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5656809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3259046625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5776288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1832747086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5217279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3242188738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5356078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1851822851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      54739431603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5540813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4728851770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5597110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1838998965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5615898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3183790135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5910539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5238902322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6444328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5331445958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5460416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3250453703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5207152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3269318542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5702035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4808523169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5792810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1852603682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6783361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5347495469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5254214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3221253174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6529813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2390144471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5656809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3259046625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5776288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1832747086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5217279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3242188738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5356078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1851822851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     54739431603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        81918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        41516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              915282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       154855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            154855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2048                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        37016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        81996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        37076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        41670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        37025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        37021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               917330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        37016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        81996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        37076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        41670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        37025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        37021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              917330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.352727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.392539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.356516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.307732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.366767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.013333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.064103                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.227848                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.068493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.018868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.018066                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.395471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.303112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.352270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.392165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.356139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.302255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.305961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.365988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.395471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.303112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.352270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.392165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.356139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.302255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.305961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.365988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 145810.868421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163911.673137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155475.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163903.651070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165173.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162223.583541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155540.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162921.455467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157178.731707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162540.507730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160600.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162212.928475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157792.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162329.009485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150053.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163845.003714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152442.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164150.600921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150741.355556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162903.258413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154535.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162380.483386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151856.116279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162827.472648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152886.729730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164572.918838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156115.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163769.733357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153449.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162044.619052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148779.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163487.494570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163044.625067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       152308                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 186001.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 172560.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 168474.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164742.611111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152209.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167610.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166653.810811                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 145810.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163911.673137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155475.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163903.651070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165173.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162223.078314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155540.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162921.455467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157178.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162544.084085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160600.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162214.477642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157792.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162329.619762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150053.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163845.003714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152442.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164150.600921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150741.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162904.267014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154535.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162377.919851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151856.116279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162827.472648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152886.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164573.379033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156115.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163769.733357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153449.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162044.619052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148779.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163487.494570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163045.022825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 145810.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163911.673137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155475.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163903.651070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165173.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162223.078314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155540.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162921.455467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157178.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162544.084085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160600.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162214.477642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157792.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162329.619762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150053.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163845.003714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152442.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164150.600921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150741.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162904.267014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154535.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162377.919851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151856.116279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162827.472648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152886.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164573.379033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156115.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163769.733357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153449.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162044.619052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148779.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163487.494570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163045.022825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                76371                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     76371                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           335695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            335732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           335732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3328308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3048976926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3502478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1185673352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3640228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2040533596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3700605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3367227924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4061395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3421607370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3487567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2082838255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3290376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2095942530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3487775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3099563683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3585669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1195454277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4165680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3434852185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3276723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2065222711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4025237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1535410488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3499890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2105445267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3626979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1181112647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3239928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2076725922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3262096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1192300043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35186068110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        94283                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       639394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       342480                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       220258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1919092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       470105                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       328302                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4013914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3328308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3048976926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3502478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1185673352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3640228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2040627879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3700605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3367227924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4061395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3422246764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3487567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2083180735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3290376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2096162788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3487775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3099563683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3585669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1195454277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4165680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3436771277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3276723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2065692816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4025237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1535410488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3499890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2105773569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3626979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1181112647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3239928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2076725922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3262096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1192300043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35190082024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3328308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3048976926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3502478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1185673352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3640228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2040627879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3700605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3367227924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4061395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3422246764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3487567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2083180735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3290376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2096162788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3487775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3099563683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3585669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1195454277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4165680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3436771277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3276723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2065692816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4025237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1535410488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3499890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2105773569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3626979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1181112647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3239928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2076725922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3262096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1192300043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35190082024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.352727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.392539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.356516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.307732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.366767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.013333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.227848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.068493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.018868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.395471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.303112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.352270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.392165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.356139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.302255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.305961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.365988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.395471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.303112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.352270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.392165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.356139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.302255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.305961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.365988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 87587.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105683.775598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97291.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105674.986809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 107065.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103976.234191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97384.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104715.385123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99058.414634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104333.202317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 102575.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103959.982780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99708.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104078.981527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91783.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105614.136670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94359.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105923.646730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92570.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104695.567697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96374.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104130.626279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93610.162791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104599.120376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94591.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106335.619545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98026.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105541.296310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        95292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103794.778189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90613.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105261.767723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104815.585904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        94283                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 127878.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       114160                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       110129                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106616.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        94021                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       109434                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108484.162162                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 87587.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105683.775598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97291.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105674.986809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 107065.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103975.740293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97384.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104715.385123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99058.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104336.791585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 102575.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103961.509881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99708.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104079.582324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91783.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105614.136670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94359.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105923.646730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92570.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104696.620880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96374.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104128.078234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93610.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104599.120376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94591.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106336.088926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98026.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105541.296310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        95292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103794.778189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90613.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105261.767723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104815.990206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 87587.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105683.775598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97291.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105674.986809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 107065.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103975.740293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97384.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104715.385123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99058.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104336.791585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 102575.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103961.509881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99708.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104079.582324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91783.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105614.136670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94359.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105923.646730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92570.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104696.620880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96374.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104128.078234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93610.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104599.120376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94591.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106336.088926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98026.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105541.296310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        95292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103794.778189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90613.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105261.767723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104815.990206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              527.713131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012377402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1913756.903592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.713131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.060438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12369353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12369353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12369353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12369353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12369353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12369353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7271402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7271402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7271402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7271402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7271402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7271402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12369402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12369402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12369402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12369402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12369402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12369402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148395.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148395.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148395.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148395.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148395.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148395.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6033393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6033393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6033393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6033393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6033393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6033393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154702.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154702.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154702.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154702.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154702.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154702.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72951                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180704693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2468.407297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.212599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.787401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8582195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8582195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19735                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19735                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15690870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15690870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15690870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15690870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       184813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       185639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       185639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22414301552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22414301552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     71381154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71381154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22485682706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22485682706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22485682706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22485682706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8767008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8767008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        19735                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19735                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15876509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15876509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15876509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15876509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121280.978892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121280.978892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86417.861985                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86417.861985                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121125.855591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121125.855591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121125.855591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121125.855591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       111999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7983384359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7983384359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9236822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9236822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7992621181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7992621181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7992621181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7992621181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109640.788296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109640.788296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 67422.058394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67422.058394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109561.502666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109561.502666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109561.502666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109561.502666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              492.513081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1009874977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2048427.945233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.513081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.060117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12512457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12512457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12512457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12512457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12512457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12512457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9103470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9103470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9103470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9103470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9103470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9103470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12512505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12512505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12512505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12512505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12512505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12512505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 189655.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189655.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 189655.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189655.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 189655.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189655.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7317734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7317734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7317734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7317734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7317734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7317734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 192571.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192571.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 192571.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192571.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 192571.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192571.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                37016                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              163797608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                37272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4394.655720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.161533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.838467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.910787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.089213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9982156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9982156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7414614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7414614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18034                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18034                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17396770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17396770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17396770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17396770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        94919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        97082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        97082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        97082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        97082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10293639732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10293639732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    143378153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    143378153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10437017885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10437017885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10437017885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10437017885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     10077075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10077075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7416777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7416777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19468                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19468                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18034                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18034                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17493852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17493852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17493852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17493852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108446.567410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108446.567410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66286.709663                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66286.709663                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107507.240117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107507.240117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107507.240117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107507.240117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       187273                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 20808.111111                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        58115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        60066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        60066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3667760300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3667760300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16184766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16184766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3683945066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3683945066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3683945066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3683945066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99656.567221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99656.567221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 76343.235849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76343.235849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99523.045872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99523.045872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99523.045872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99523.045872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              558.916263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              926225777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1648088.571174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.780501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.135762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.054135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12407230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12407230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12407230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12407230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12407230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12407230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7812163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7812163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7812163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7812163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7812163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7812163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12407275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12407275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12407275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12407275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12407275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12407275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173603.622222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173603.622222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173603.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173603.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173603.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173603.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6490096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6490096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6490096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6490096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6490096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6490096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 185431.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185431.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 185431.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185431.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 185431.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185431.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                55713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              223871145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                55969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3999.913256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   201.892105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    54.107895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.788641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.211359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18248305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18248305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3503950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8281                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8281                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21752255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       21752255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21752255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      21752255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       194595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       194962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       194962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       194962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       194962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22181452575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22181452575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     33668970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33668970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22215121545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22215121545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22215121545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22215121545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18442900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18442900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3504317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3504317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21947217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21947217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21947217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21947217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113987.782703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113987.782703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91741.062670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91741.062670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113945.905074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113945.905074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113945.905074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113945.905074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       138957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       139249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       139249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5808268199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5808268199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5307939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5307939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5813576138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5813576138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5813576138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5813576138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104393.907024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104393.907024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 70772.520000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70772.520000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104348.646420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104348.646420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104348.646420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104348.646420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              578.413605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1037045301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1781864.778351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.333835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.079770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.059830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12103975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12103975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12103975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12103975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12103975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12103975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8286292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8286292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8286292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8286292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8286292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8286292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12104024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12104024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12104024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12104024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12104024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12104024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       169108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       169108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       169108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       169108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       169108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       169108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6752155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6752155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6752155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6752155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6752155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6752155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173132.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173132.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173132.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173132.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173132.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173132.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                81996                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              448692210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                82252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5455.091791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.906652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.093348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     31751314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31751314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17385873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17385873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8494                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8494                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     49137187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       49137187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     49137187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      49137187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       290161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       290417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       290417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       290417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       290417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34817751365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34817751365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21422212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21422212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34839173577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34839173577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34839173577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34839173577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     32041475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32041475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17386129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17386129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     49427604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49427604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     49427604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49427604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119994.593915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119994.593915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83680.515625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83680.515625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119962.583378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119962.583378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119962.583378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119962.583378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14572                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           14572                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       208243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       208421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       208421                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208421                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        81918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        81996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        81996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9053986485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9053986485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5315654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5315654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9059302139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9059302139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9059302139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9059302139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110524.994324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110524.994324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 68149.410256                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68149.410256                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110484.683875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110484.683875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110484.683875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110484.683875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              580.933205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1037036124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1772711.323077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    39.891194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.042010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.063928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12094798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12094798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12094798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12094798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12094798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12094798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9106708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9106708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9106708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9106708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9106708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9106708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12094853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12094853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12094853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12094853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12094853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12094853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165576.509091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165576.509091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165576.509091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165576.509091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165576.509091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165576.509091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7209594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7209594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7209594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7209594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7209594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7209594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       171657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       171657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       171657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       171657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       171657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       171657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                82075                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              448683038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                82331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5449.746001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.906983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.093017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     31744402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31744402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17383614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17383614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     49128016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       49128016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     49128016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      49128016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       290587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       290847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       290847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       290847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       290847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35092961411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35092961411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     24566599                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24566599                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35117528010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35117528010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35117528010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35117528010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     32034989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32034989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17383874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17383874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     49418863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49418863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     49418863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49418863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120765.765196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120765.765196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94486.919231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94486.919231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120742.273463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120742.273463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120742.273463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120742.273463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           15379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       208590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       208772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       208772                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208772                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        81997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        82075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        82075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9120314160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9120314160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6141397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6141397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9126455557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9126455557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9126455557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9126455557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111227.412710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111227.412710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 78735.858974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78735.858974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111196.534353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111196.534353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111196.534353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111196.534353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              558.799330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              926220377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1648078.962633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.663561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.135768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12401830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12401830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12401830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12401830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12401830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12401830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7787125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7787125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7787125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7787125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7787125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7787125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12401874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12401874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12401874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12401874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12401874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12401874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176980.113636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176980.113636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176980.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176980.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176980.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176980.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6397131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6397131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6397131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6397131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6397131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6397131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182775.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182775.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182775.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182775.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182775.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182775.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55654                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              223861316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                55910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4003.958433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   201.904021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    54.095979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.788688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.211312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18239253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18239253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3503171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21742424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       21742424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21742424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      21742424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       194334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       194727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       194727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       194727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       194727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22246742184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22246742184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37624875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37624875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22284367059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22284367059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22284367059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22284367059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18433587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18433587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3503564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3503564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8283                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8283                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21937151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21937151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21937151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21937151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000112                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114476.839791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114476.839791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95737.595420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95737.595420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114439.020059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114439.020059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114439.020059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114439.020059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6394                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6394                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       138758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       139073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       139073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5848125879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5848125879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5632081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5632081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5853757960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5853757960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5853757960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5853757960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105227.542087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105227.542087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72206.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72206.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105181.262084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105181.262084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105181.262084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105181.262084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              558.874730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              926218738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1651013.793226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.868398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.006332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.052674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12400191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12400191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12400191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12400191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12400191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12400191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7297325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7297325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7297325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7297325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7297325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7297325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12400236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12400236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12400236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12400236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12400236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12400236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162162.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162162.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162162.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162162.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162162.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162162.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5964498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5964498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5964498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5964498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5964498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5964498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175426.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175426.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175426.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175426.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175426.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175426.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                55671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              223859254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                55927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4002.704490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   202.560257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    53.439743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.791251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.208749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     18238144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18238144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3502231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3502231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8275                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8275                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8217                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8217                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21740375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       21740375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21740375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      21740375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       194191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       194558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       194558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       194558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       194558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22300263525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22300263525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32537383                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32537383                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22332800908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22332800908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22332800908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22332800908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18432335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18432335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3502598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3502598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8275                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8275                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8217                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8217                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21934933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21934933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21934933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21934933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114836.751060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114836.751060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 88657.719346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88657.719346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114787.368846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114787.368846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114787.368846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114787.368846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       138595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       138887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       138887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5863233326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5863233326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5266094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5266094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5868499420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5868499420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5868499420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5868499420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105461.423951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105461.423951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 70214.586667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70214.586667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105413.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105413.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105413.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105413.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              527.888008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1012371648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1913746.026465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.888008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.060718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12363599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12363599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12363599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12363599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12363599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12363599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7835371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7835371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7835371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7835371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7835371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7835371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12363650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12363650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12363650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12363650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12363650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12363650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153634.725490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153634.725490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153634.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153634.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153634.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153634.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6286888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6286888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6286888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6286888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6286888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6286888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161202.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161202.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161202.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161202.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161202.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161202.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                72808                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              180686801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                73064                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2472.993554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.197957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.802043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.914836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.085164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8571037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8571037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7101837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7101837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15672874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15672874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15672874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15672874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       184508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       185340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       185340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       185340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       185340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22548707769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22548707769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71485850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71485850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22620193619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22620193619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22620193619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22620193619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8755545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8755545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7102669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7102669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16571                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16571                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15858214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15858214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15858214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15858214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122209.919185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122209.919185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 85920.492788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85920.492788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122047.014239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122047.014239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122047.014239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122047.014239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       111837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       112532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       112532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        72671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        72808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        72808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8027302924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8027302924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9133462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9133462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8036436386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8036436386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8036436386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8036436386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110460.884314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110460.884314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66667.605839                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66667.605839                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110378.480194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110378.480194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110378.480194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110378.480194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              494.189392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1009874902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2040151.317172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    39.189392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.062804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12512382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12512382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12512382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12512382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12512382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12512382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9001940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9001940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9001940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9001940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9001940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9001940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12512434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12512434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12512434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12512434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12512434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12512434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173114.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173114.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173114.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173114.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173114.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173114.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7043921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7043921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7043921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7043921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7043921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7043921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176098.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176098.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176098.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176098.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176098.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176098.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                37076                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              163796306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                37332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4387.557752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.163428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.836572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.910795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.089205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9981528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9981528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7414245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7414245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18034                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18034                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17395773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       17395773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17395773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      17395773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        95169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        97297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        97297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        97297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        97297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10303725196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10303725196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    142464645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    142464645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10446189841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10446189841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10446189841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10446189841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     10076697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10076697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7416373                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7416373                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18034                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18034                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17493070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17493070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17493070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17493070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108267.662747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108267.662747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66947.671523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66947.671523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107363.945867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107363.945867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107363.945867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107363.945867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       173928                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        28988                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            7906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        58304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        60221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        60221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3680588438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3680588438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16441874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16441874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3697030312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3697030312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3697030312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3697030312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99839.642968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99839.642968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 77923.573460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77923.573460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99714.918330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99714.918330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99714.918330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99714.918330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              583.743291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1037036623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1760673.383701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    44.005078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   539.738213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.070521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.864965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.935486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12095297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12095297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12095297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12095297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12095297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12095297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9541126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9541126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9541126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9541126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9541126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9541126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12095356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12095356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12095356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12095356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12095356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12095356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       161714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       161714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       161714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       161714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       161714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       161714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7577928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7577928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7577928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7577928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7577928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7577928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164737.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164737.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164737.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164737.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164737.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164737.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                82114                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              448668254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                82370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5446.986209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.907319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.092681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     31734542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31734542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17378695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17378695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     49113237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       49113237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     49113237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      49113237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       291158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       291422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       291422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       291422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       291422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35186798123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35186798123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     29555050                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29555050                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35216353173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35216353173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35216353173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35216353173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     32025700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32025700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17378959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17378959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49404659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49404659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49404659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49404659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120851.215227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120851.215227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111950.946970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111950.946970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120843.152449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120843.152449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120843.152449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120843.152449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           15570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       209122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       209307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       209307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9129276125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9129276125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7553364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7553364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9136829489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9136829489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9136829489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9136829489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111283.779377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111283.779377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95612.202532                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95612.202532                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111268.702296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111268.702296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111268.702296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111268.702296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.077582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              926221208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1648080.441281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    34.021196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.056387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12402661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12402661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12402661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12402661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12402661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12402661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7402619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7402619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7402619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7402619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7402619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7402619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12402704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12402704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12402704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12402704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12402704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12402704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172153.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172153.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172153.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172153.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172153.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172153.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6206426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6206426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6206426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6206426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6206426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6206426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 177326.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177326.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 177326.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177326.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 177326.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177326.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                55703                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              223866295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                55959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4000.541379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   201.088204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    54.911796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.785501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.214499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18243455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18243455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3503951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8280                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8280                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21747406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       21747406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21747406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      21747406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       194026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       194378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       194378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       194378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       194378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22148155773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22148155773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     35020927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35020927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22183176700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22183176700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22183176700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22183176700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18437481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18437481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3504303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3504303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8280                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8280                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21941784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21941784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21941784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21941784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114150.452893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114150.452893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99491.269886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99491.269886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114123.906512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114123.906512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114123.906512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114123.906512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       138396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       138675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       138675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5834731271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5834731271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5492701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5492701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5840223972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5840223972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5840223972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5840223972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104884.617491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104884.617491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 75242.479452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75242.479452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104845.770820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104845.770820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104845.770820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104845.770820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.375950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1006678040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1935919.307692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    43.375950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.069513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12414938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12414938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12414938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12414938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12414938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12414938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8407235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8407235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8407235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8407235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8407235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8407235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12414991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12414991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12414991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12414991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12414991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12414991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158627.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158627.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158627.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158627.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158627.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158627.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7210155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7210155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7210155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7210155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7210155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7210155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160225.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160225.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160225.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160225.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160225.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160225.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                41670                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              165991768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                41926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3959.160616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.524553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.475447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8542685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8542685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7190069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7190069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18818                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18818                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17313                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17313                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15732754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15732754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15732754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15732754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       133302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          905                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          905                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       134207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       134207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       134207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       134207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16512557778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16512557778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     78001973                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78001973                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16590559751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16590559751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16590559751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16590559751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8675987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8675987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7190974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7190974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17313                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17313                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15866961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15866961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15866961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15866961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123873.293559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123873.293559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86190.025414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86190.025414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123619.183433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123619.183433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123619.183433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123619.183433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        91786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        92537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        92537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        41516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        41670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        41670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4337553521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4337553521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10295805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10295805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4347849326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4347849326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4347849326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4347849326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104479.080860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104479.080860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 66855.876623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66855.876623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104340.036621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104340.036621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104340.036621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104340.036621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              519.019144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1007788058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1938053.957692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.019144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.059326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12225612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12225612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12225612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12225612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12225612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12225612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7264570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7264570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7264570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7264570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7264570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7264570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12225658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12225658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12225658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12225658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12225658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12225658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157925.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157925.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157925.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157925.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157925.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157925.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6146244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6146244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6146244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6146244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6146244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6146244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161743.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161743.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161743.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161743.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161743.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161743.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                56522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              172051892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                56778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3030.256296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.870964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.129036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.913558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.086442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8625610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8625610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7296923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7296923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17734                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17734                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15922533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15922533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15922533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15922533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       192976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       196819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       196819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       196819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       196819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25146876619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25146876619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    484604828                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    484604828                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25631481447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25631481447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25631481447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25631481447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8818586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8818586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7300766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7300766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17734                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17734                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16119352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16119352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16119352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16119352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130310.901972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130310.901972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126100.657819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126100.657819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130228.694623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130228.694623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130228.694623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130228.694623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           19234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       136613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       140297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       140297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5928309046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5928309046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11101798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11101798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5939410844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5939410844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5939410844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5939410844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105180.864148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105180.864148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69822.628931                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69822.628931                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105081.399172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105081.399172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105081.399172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105081.399172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              493.253140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1009876208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2044283.821862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.253140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.061303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12513688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12513688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12513688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12513688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12513688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12513688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9250819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9250819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9250819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9250819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9250819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9250819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12513737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12513737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12513737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12513737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12513737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12513737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 188792.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188792.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 188792.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188792.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 188792.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188792.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7368641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7368641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7368641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7368641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7368641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7368641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 188939.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188939.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 188939.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188939.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 188939.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188939.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                37025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              163800204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                37281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4393.664440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.187437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.812563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.910888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.089112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9984406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9984406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7415336                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7415336                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19091                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19091                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17399742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17399742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17399742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17399742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        95112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2166                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2166                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        97278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        97278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        97278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        97278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10242178045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10242178045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    146661921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146661921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10388839966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10388839966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10388839966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10388839966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     10079518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10079518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7417502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7417502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19091                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19091                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18035                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18035                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17497020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17497020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17497020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17497020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107685.445002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107685.445002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67710.951524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67710.951524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106795.369621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106795.369621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106795.369621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106795.369621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       377715                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets            12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 31476.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        58302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        60253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        60253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        37025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        37025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3660562976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3660562976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16545399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16545399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3677108375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3677108375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3677108375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3677108375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99444.796957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99444.796957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 76955.344186                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76955.344186                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99314.203241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99314.203241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99314.203241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99314.203241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              559.080680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              926221166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1648080.366548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    33.985707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.094973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.054464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12402619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12402619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12402619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12402619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12402619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12402619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7592378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7592378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7592378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7592378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7592378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7592378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12402665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12402665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12402665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12402665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12402665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12402665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165051.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165051.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165051.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165051.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165051.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165051.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6049518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6049518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6049518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6049518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6049518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6049518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172843.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172843.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172843.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172843.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172843.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172843.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                55697                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              223862754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                55953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4000.907083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   202.324626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    53.675374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.790331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.209669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     18242104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18242104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3501755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3501755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8219                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8219                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21743859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       21743859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21743859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      21743859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       194218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       194569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       194569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       194569                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       194569                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22213224014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22213224014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     31002980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31002980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22244226994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22244226994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22244226994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22244226994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18436322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18436322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3502106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3502106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8219                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8219                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21938428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21938428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21938428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21938428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114372.632887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114372.632887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 88327.578348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88327.578348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114325.647940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114325.647940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114325.647940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114325.647940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6463                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6463                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       138595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       138872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       138872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5846425316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5846425316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5026664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5026664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5851451980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5851451980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5851451980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5851451980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105108.054510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105108.054510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 67927.891892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67927.891892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105058.656301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105058.656301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105058.656301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105058.656301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              492.370201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1009875040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2048428.073022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.370201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12512520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12512520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12512520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12512520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12512520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12512520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9249507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9249507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9249507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9249507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9249507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9249507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12512571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12512571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12512571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12512571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12512571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12512571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181362.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181362.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181362.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181362.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181362.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181362.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7060514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7060514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7060514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7060514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7060514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7060514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       185803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       185803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       185803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       185803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       185803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       185803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                37021                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              163799935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                37277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4394.128685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.160245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.839755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.910782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.089218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9983643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9983643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7415746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7415746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17399389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17399389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17399389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17399389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        95108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2133                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2133                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        97241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        97241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        97241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        97241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10272465734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10272465734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    143683836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    143683836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10416149570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10416149570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10416149570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10416149570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10078751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10078751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7417879                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7417879                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18035                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18035                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17496630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17496630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17496630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17496630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108008.429722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108008.429722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 67362.323488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67362.323488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107116.849580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107116.849580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107116.849580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107116.849580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        94300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 15716.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8012                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        58300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        37021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        37021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3673911350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3673911350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16481311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16481311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3690392661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3690392661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3690392661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3690392661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99812.849109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99812.849109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 77377.046948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77377.046948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99683.764917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99683.764917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99683.764917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99683.764917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
