
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.094021                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 94021323183                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               606630526071                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 315502                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   405529                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1786523                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67623720                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 52628.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16604255740                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21342253053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3673216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1636352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2271232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2250112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      3348992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2254208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3319424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      3628544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1298432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1260544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2265344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1607552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1271680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2244992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3339136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2244480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             37991936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8504192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           8504192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        28697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        12784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        17579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        26164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        17611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        25933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        28348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        10144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         9848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        12559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         9935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        17539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        26087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        17535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                296812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                66439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        53094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39067904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        55817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17404052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24156563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        46287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     23931933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        53094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     35619494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23975498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        53094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     35305013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        51733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     38592777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        50372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13809974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        49010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13407001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        53094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24093939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        55817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17097739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        53094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13525442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23877477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        55817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     35514667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     23872032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               404077870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        53094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        55817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        46287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        53094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        53094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        51733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        50372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        49010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        53094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        55817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        53094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        55817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             826366                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          90449610                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               90449610                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          90449610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        53094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39067904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        55817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17404052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        49010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24156563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        46287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     23931933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        53094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     35619494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        49010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23975498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        53094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     35305013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        51733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     38592777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        50372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13809974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        49010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13407001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        53094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24093939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        55817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17097739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        53094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13525442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        49010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23877477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        55817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     35514667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        49010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     23872032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              494527480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17535059                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15824543                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       921954                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6722840                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6277173                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970177                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40859                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185990645                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110313109                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17535059                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7247350                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21818245                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2888430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4416115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10677467                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       926758                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    214168472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      192350227     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         778659      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1596339      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         667770      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3628965      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3227032      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         629124      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1307082      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9983274      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    214168472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077771                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489257                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184945979                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5472168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21738417                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        68927                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1942975                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1537177                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          493                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129355246                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2731                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1942975                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      185134902                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3929364                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       952114                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21631438                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       577673                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129287468                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       244946                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       209635                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4842                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151793741                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    608973588                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    608973588                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17070877                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15015                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7580                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1458467                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30518362                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15436803                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       747859                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129037940                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15061                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124118384                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64454                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9880547                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23608388                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           82                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214168472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170078948     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13194779      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10842463      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4676171      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5937240      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5752438      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3267405      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257638      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161390      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214168472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314232     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2449303     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70943      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77855900     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1083729      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29768464     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15402859     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124118384                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.550485                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2834478                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465304172                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138936690                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123060460                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126952862                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223216                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1170319                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          476                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11003                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1942975                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       3603661                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163393                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129053086                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30518362                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15436803                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7583                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111231                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           89                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       539936                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541262                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1081198                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123250594                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29667083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       867790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45068627                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16146072                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15401544                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.546637                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123064400                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123060460                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66457021                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       130921417                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.545793                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507610                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11549388                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       942191                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212225497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169626537     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15532655      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7293869      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7210633      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1961199      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8391666      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626854      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456846      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1125238      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212225497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1125238                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          340165716                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260074689                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4080760                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              11302328                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.254708                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.254708                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.443516                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.443516                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609353021                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142907877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154060125                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18596958                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15216516                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1812211                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7655401                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7319529                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1922006                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82707                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    179038112                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            104008718                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18596958                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9241535                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21704922                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4945728                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      4208433                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10950462                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1814185                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    208061350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      186356428     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1007121      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1604824      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2178214      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2236629      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1895378      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1068419      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1578283      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10136054      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    208061350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082481                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461296                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      177219520                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6042363                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21666471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        23471                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3109522                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3061128                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    127625875                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1906                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3109522                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      177701577                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1245194                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      3685195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21214191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1105668                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    127585875                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       149786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       482743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    178028749                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    593560729                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    593560729                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    154425130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       23603613                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        31645                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16464                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         3290666                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     11936295                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6474302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76161                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1548621                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        127444011                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31755                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       121043160                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16550                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14054146                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33670910                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208061350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156834424     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21074468     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10660886      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8046937      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6328000      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2566985      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1599448      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       839120      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111082      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208061350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23498     11.71%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73923     36.85%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103167     51.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101797708     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1809386      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15178      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10966927      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6453961      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    121043160                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536846                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200588                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450364808                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141530400                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119242685                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    121243748                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       247957                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1904510                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          492                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92481                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3109522                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        995254                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107469                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127475900                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9301                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11936295                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6474302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16467                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90806                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          492                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1054743                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018587                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2073330                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119386808                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10319372                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1656352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           16773071                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16962955                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6453699                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.529500                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            119242896                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           119242685                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        68450455                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       184431187                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.528861                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371144                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90019592                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    110767679                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16708247                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30617                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1835155                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204951828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159508001     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22530167     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8503232      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4057420      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3421996      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1959564      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1711626      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       775348      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2484474      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204951828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     90019592                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    110767679                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             16413602                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10031781                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15274                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15972730                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        99800426                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2280929                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2484474                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          329942656                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         258061435                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2709297                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              17409450                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          90019592                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           110767679                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     90019592                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.504686                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.504686                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.399252                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.399252                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      537334860                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     166101030                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     118319307                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        30590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       17119682                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15285523                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1359639                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11345667                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11165800                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1027016                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41014                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180845542                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             97254234                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          17119682                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     12192816                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            21680643                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4470659                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2736010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles           15                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           39                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        10938180                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1334658                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    208365602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      186684959     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3304136      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1669773      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3270493      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1047797      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3021799      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         476655      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         772322      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        8117668      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    208365602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075929                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.431338                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      178590090                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5032774                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        21638102                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        17276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3087356                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1617250                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        15997                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    108791650                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        30163                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3087356                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      178841357                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3065933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1198437                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        21406807                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       765708                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    108635905                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        84202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       616798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    142373445                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    492367305                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    492367305                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    115460007                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       26913412                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        14587                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7385                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1648884                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     19591613                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3186043                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       726094                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        108078841                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14639                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       101205118                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        65144                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19503664                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39931786                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208365602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163967403     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14027926      6.73%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14812811      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8626333      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4441936      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1113646      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1318523      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30733      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208365602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169179     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69548     23.50%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57257     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79359644     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       793315      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7202      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17885831     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3159126      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    101205118                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.448861                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295984                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    411136965                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127597412                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98642718                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    101501102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        80229                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3988354                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          274                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        79013                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3087356                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2064556                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        94377                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    108093561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19591613                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3186043                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7383                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36396                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2068                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          274                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       915326                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       526624                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1441950                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99927585                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17633952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1277532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           20792943                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       15189957                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3158991                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.443195                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             98665258                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            98642718                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        59688411                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       130001087                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.437497                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459138                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78567604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     88454239                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19643719                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14524                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1351092                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205278246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172349095     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12932756      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8312097      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2620452      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4341827      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       847271      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537268      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491178      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2846302      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205278246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     78567604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     88454239                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18710283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            15603253                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7246                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         13571948                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        77301465                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1106187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2846302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          310529616                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         219285718                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4018948                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              17105198                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          78567604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            88454239                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     78567604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.869768                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.869768                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348460                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348460                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      464501002                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     128519906                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     115551250                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        14512                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17127195                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15287109                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1360483                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11332720                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11167657                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1026462                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40858                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180862041                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             97273628                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17127195                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     12194119                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21677172                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       4474323                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2738375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10939558                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1335418                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    208383760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      186706588     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3303884      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1664857      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3264899      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1049295      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3021986      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         476752      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         778084      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        8117415      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    208383760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075962                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431425                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      178580911                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5060814                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21634557                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        17326                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3090148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1623451                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        16024                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    108809931                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        30473                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3090148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      178835139                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3082124                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1203250                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21401145                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       771950                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    108653679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        84237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       622915                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    142383500                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    492412004                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    492412004                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    115448801                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26934679                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        14569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7366                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1656731                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     19583899                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3185466                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20124                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       725769                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        108088438                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14619                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       101208096                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64933                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19522849                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39948881                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           98                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208383760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163981026     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14036478      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14805849      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8629503      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4441553      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1113966      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1318473      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30765      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26147      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208383760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169316     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69424     23.44%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57379     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79367397     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       793322      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7202      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17881486     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3158689      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    101208096                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.448875                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            296119                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    411161004                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127626176                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98646900                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    101504215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        79684                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3983468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          281                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78441                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3090148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2067051                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95535                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    108103129                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4611                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19583899                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3185466                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7366                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36689                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2055                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          281                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       916809                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       526170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1442979                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99929108                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17628380                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1278988                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  72                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20786887                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       15191520                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3158507                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.443202                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             98669229                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            98646900                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        59682571                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       129997995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.437515                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.459104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78558131                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     88444766                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19662788                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14521                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1351910                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205293612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172364527     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12934136      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8312136      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2618993      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4343067      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       847596      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537431      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491263      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2844463      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205293612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     78558131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     88444766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18707451                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            15600426                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7246                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         13570384                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        77293554                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1106186                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2844463                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          310556417                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         219307697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4019361                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              17087040                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          78558131                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            88444766                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     78558131                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.870114                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.870114                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.348418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.348418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      464494724                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     128522859                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     115567301                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        14506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18278203                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14948626                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1783588                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7557458                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7208836                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1879364                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79207                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177361893                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            103735561                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18278203                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9088200                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            21739390                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5185579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      3100114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10906359                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1797668                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    205564294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      183824904     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1180296      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1862161      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2968028      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1225662      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1370067      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1462182      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         953949      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10717045      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    205564294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081067                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460084                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      175726865                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      4748138                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        21671414                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        55424                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3362450                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      2996800                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    126670723                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2845                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3362450                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      175999723                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1518268                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      2441358                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        21459029                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       783463                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    126598706                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents        22919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       217368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       295463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40242                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    175764342                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    588927051                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    588927051                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    150038033                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       25726309                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        32183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17675                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2346997                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12057778                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6482211                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196228                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1476578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        126422647                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32273                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       119651676                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147031                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16054322                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35690432                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3018                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205564294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155123995     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20239014      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11069909      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7545614      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7064407      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2027310      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1586787      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536962      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370296      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205564294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27900     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87071     38.91%     51.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108824     48.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100238024     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1893095      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14506      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11054794      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6451257      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    119651676                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.530675                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223795                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445238472                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142510531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117726878                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    119875471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       362754                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2155303                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          265                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1314                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       187279                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7487                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3362450                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1019925                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126455040                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48828                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12057778                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6482211                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17660                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        77874                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1314                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041871                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018911                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2060782                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117947738                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10397581                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1703938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           16847190                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16593683                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6449609                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523118                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            117727842                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           117726878                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        68834997                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       179855297                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522138                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382724                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88133046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    108027805                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18427437                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1821350                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202201844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158346506     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21240553     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8267916      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4453548      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3335810      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1861817      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1150200      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1026701      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2518793      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202201844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     88133046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    108027805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             16197407                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             9902475                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             14596                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15507095                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        97340795                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2194465                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2518793                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          326137708                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         256273123                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2862432                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19906506                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          88133046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           108027805                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     88133046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.558300                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.558300                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.390885                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.390885                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      531882299                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     163190342                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     118147074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        29228                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       17116897                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15283258                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1360213                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11375167                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11167086                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1026441                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40843                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180863467                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             97227540                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          17116897                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     12193527                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            21677567                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       4470887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2744694                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10939435                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1335645                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    208388760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      186711193     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3304514      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1670200      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3270753      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1047846      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3021675      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         477289      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         770574      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        8114716      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    208388760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075916                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431220                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      178574690                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5074386                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        21635153                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        17497                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3087030                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1617125                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        16003                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    108763606                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        30206                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3087030                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      178828886                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3087314                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1209038                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        21401911                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       774577                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    108608532                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        84927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       624703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    142344372                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    492234961                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    492234961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    115430680                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       26913687                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        14563                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7361                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1660994                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     19583930                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3183953                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       727581                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        108052353                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14614                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       101182869                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64404                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19500363                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39909640                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208388760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163990054     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14036614      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14810123      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8626455      4.14%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4439547      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1110349      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1318804      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30625      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26189      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208388760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        168911     57.11%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69695     23.56%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57165     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79344595     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       793065      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7201      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17880478     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3157530      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    101182869                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.448763                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295771                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    411114673                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127567574                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98619231                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    101478640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        78786                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3985402                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          253                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        77563                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3087030                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2068771                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95375                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    108067046                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19583930                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3183953                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7359                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36457                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2098                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          253                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       917005                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       525669                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1442674                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99904442                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17628228                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1278427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20785614                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       15186583                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3157386                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.443093                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             98641637                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            98619231                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        59673441                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       129964596                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.437392                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.459152                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78546624                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     88431160                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19640364                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14523                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1351659                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205301730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172376384     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12934943      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8310389      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2619640      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4339824      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       846889      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537339      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491832      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2844490      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205301730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     78546624                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     88431160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18704915                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            15598525                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              7246                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         13568325                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        77281485                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1105946                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2844490                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          310528478                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         219232504                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4017169                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              17082040                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          78546624                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            88431160                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     78546624                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.870535                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.870535                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.348367                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.348367                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      464387237                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     128493819                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     115517241                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        14510                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18287087                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14955831                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1783874                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7540223                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7211063                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1880581                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79217                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177389181                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            103800352                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18287087                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9091644                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21751051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5192319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3101924                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10908831                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1797948                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    205611523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      183860472     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1181319      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1861387      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2965670      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1229861      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1369400      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1466036      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         954879      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10722499      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    205611523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081106                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460372                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      175756615                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      4747703                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21683003                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        55277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3368922                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2998318                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          447                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    126748320                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2846                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3368922                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      176026974                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1522197                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2444214                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21473255                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       775958                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    126676590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        22928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       217362                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       292735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        38395                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    175873089                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    589315411                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    589315411                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    150055088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25817988                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        32144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17633                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2330240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12064915                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6483812                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195732                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1478620                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        126499133                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       119684431                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147031                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16129474                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35928424                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2967                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205611523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155161926     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20242101      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11061947      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7555623      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7068421      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2030024      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1583224      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537637      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370620      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205611523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27938     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87788     39.09%     51.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108859     48.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100263039     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1894620      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14508      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11059074      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6453190      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    119684431                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530820                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            224585                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445352000                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142662109                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117760998                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    119909016                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       359487                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2161301                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          285                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1297                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       188147                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7466                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3368922                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1020779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106593                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126531476                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50704                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12064915                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6483812                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17611                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78058                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1297                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018776                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2060273                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117981393                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10398771                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1703037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16850465                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16596076                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6451694                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523267                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            117761857                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           117760998                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        68853892                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       179926060                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522289                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382679                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88143091                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    108040110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18491561                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29260                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1821642                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202242601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158380877     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21243692     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8268019      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4455942      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3336063      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1862517      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1150158      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1027895      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2517438      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202242601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88143091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    108040110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16199279                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             9903614                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             14598                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15508870                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        97351885                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2194717                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2517438                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          326256249                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         256432466                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2862829                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              19859277                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88143091                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           108040110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88143091                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.558009                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.558009                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390929                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390929                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      532031378                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     163238764                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     118215256                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        29234                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       17549262                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15835057                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       919693                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6638198                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6276329                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970556                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40747                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186047669                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            110402629                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          17549262                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      7246885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21832222                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       2888695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      4407096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10678609                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       924235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    214233050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      192400828     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         779242      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1595085      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         668973      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        3630241      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3229013      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         625972      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1308166      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        9995530      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    214233050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.489654                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      185001580                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5464644                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21752877                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        68402                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      1945541                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1540794                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          489                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    129458408                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      1945541                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      185190522                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       3919476                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       955675                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21645558                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       576272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    129391342                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       243778                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       209755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4006                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    151908958                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    609451422                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    609451422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    134812628                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       17096330                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        15017                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7575                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1458730                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     30534652                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     15447448                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139423                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       748171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        129142341                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15063                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       124197145                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64926                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9916680                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23746093                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           72                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214233050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170124123     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13191000      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10848923      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4682522      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5941069      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5757260      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3268526      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       258015      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161612      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214233050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314553     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2450904     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71042      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77905134     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1085358      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7438      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29785634     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15413581     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    124197145                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.550835                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2836499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465528765                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139077211                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123138795                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    127033644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223128                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1168923                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          481                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92765                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11010                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      1945541                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       3594257                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163762                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129157476                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30534652                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15447448                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7579                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111789                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       535991                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542402                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1078393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123330013                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29683713                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       867132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  72                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           45095956                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16158366                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         15412243                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.546989                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            123142724                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           123138795                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        66494274                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       130983065                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.546141                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507656                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100064708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    117592723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11577396                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14991                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       939892                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212287509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169663168     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15541474      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7296465      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7216203      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1962133      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8397002      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627542      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       457260      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126262      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212287509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100064708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    117592723                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             44720412                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            29365729                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              7484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15528864                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       104568056                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1139021                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1126262                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          340331067                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         260285980                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4080326                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              11237750                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100064708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           117592723                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100064708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.253250                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.253250                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443803                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443803                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      609723127                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     142993417                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     154175040                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        14968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20426402                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17004114                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1853993                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7788905                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7469122                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2198009                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177729960                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            112076741                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20426402                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9667131                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23356101                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5155298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6046302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11034552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1772202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    210416786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      187060685     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1432802      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1798735      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2875741      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1208177      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1549501      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1809514      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         829535      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11852096      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    210416786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090594                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.497079                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      176684114                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7192874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23245008                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        10889                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3283893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3112005                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          530                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    136976849                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2239                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3283893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      176862870                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        573614                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      6119647                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23077321                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       499434                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    136133723                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        72053                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       348631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    190134588                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    633052068                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    633052068                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    159198176                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       30936403                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        33037                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17249                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1752546                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12727746                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6671353                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74848                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1507410                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        132914326                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33157                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       127568870                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       128289                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16036420                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32559571                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1308                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210416786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156367320     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24648599     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10082876      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5643679      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7652732      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2359491      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2317782      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1246049      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98258      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210416786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        879061     79.11%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118401     10.65%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113767     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107467108     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1744283      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15788      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11690757      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6650934      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    127568870                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565789                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1111229                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466794041                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148984518                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124250334                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    128680099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94626                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2380748                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          617                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96198                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           70                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3283893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        436743                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54964                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132947491                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       103983                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12727746                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6671353                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17249                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47925                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          617                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1098482                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1041604                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2140086                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125348886                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11499885                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2219981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18150122                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17728522                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6650237                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555943                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            124250772                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           124250334                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        74433610                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       199929310                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.551071                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372300                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92618223                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    114126984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18820963                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31849                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1869849                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207132893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158833058     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24475345     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8887690      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4430995      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4047038      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1703398      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1681913      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       800994      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2272462      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207132893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     92618223                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    114126984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16922149                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10346994                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16542130                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       102751735                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2356731                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2272462                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          337807728                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         269179808                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2690296                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              15054014                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          92618223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           114126984                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     92618223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.434411                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.434411                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.410777                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.410777                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      564021117                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     173611842                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     126709803                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        31822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20432951                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17009159                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1855338                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7759111                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7468262                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2199846                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86115                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177762659                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            112104205                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20432951                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9668108                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23365208                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5166172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6021440                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11038294                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1773569                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    210443319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      187078111     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1433420      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1795611      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2876171      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1210997      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1552205      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1808693      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         830906      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11857205      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    210443319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090623                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497201                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      176717425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      7167385                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23254074                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        10935                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3293492                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3113643                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          520                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    137042713                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3293492                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      176896146                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        571975                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6095888                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23086332                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       499479                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    136199158                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        72321                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       348423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    190205852                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    633358335                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    633358335                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    159188379                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       31017473                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        32927                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17139                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1752735                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12755670                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6672954                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75149                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1514362                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        132981983                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33049                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       127595360                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       129363                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16103690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32781757                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1200                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210443319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156383316     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24651218     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10085278      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5646861      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7655062      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2358906      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2318206      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1246787      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        97685      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210443319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        878850     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       120275     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113699     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107488032     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1744055      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15787      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11694719      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6652767      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    127595360                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565906                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1112824                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466876226                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149119336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124273948                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    128708184                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94894                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2409329                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          617                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98225                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           17                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3293492                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        434864                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54746                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    133015037                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12755670                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6672954                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17140                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47781                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          617                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1097952                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1044090                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2142042                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125373984                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11501080                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2221376                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18153214                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17731219                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6652134                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.556054                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            124274383                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           124273948                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        74452200                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       200015570                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.551175                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372232                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92612520                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    114119894                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18895661                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31849                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1871183                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207149827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158850574     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24478959     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8886941      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4426184      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4049815      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1699662      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1684628      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       801349      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2271715      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207149827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     92612520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    114119894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             16921070                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10346341                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16541089                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       102745355                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2356578                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2271715                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          337893017                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         269324622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2694271                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              15027481                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          92612520                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           114119894                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     92612520                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.434561                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.434561                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      564116540                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     173639667                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     126739031                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        31822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18327265                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15028254                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1797538                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7728506                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7174881                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1882243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80902                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175106540                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            104128007                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18327265                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9057124                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22917481                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5082350                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      5729346                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10785708                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1783439                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    207010223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      184092742     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        2481896      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2870460      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        1581548      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1835790      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1006329      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         678133      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1774470      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10688855      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    207010223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081284                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461825                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      173708207                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      7154504                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22737387                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles       170124                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3239998                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      2975412                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        16860                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    127137887                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        83780                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3239998                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      173974623                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2513300                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      3887140                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22652107                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       743052                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    127058928                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       195078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       345934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          107                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    176578970                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    591621789                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    591621789                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    150979579                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25599391                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        33617                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18887                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1991599                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12137377                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6612053                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       171855                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1461457                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        126876116                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33683                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       119979818                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166129                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15733334                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36255609                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4030                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207010223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156441533     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20349971      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10930995      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7558874      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6604976      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3390693      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       809738      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528106      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395337      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207010223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31556     12.12%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       112117     43.07%     55.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116660     44.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100432598     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1874630      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14702      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11092345      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6565543      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    119979818                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.532130                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            260333                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447396321                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142644271                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117998246                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    120240151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       302821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2133570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          686                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139414                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7352                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3239998                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2082490                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129292                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126909914                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12137377                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6612053                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18874                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90771                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1043532                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1007217                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2050749                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118216061                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10418568                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1763757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 115                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           16982563                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16546147                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6563995                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.524308                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            118000089                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           117998246                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        70139428                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       183706410                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.523342                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381802                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88659570                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    108773654                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18137421                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29653                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1807909                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203770225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159338062     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20604165     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8633545      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5187157      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3595193      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2319875      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1203800      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       969443      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1918985      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203770225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     88659570                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    108773654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             16476446                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10003807                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             14794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15567092                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        98063991                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2212953                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1918985                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          328761717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         257062216                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2682172                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              18460577                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          88659570                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           108773654                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     88659570                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.543107                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.543107                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393220                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393220                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      533284186                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     163774472                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     118648482                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        29626                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18606333                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15225056                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1815558                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7648205                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7317642                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1917843                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82339                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    179037201                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            104061103                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18606333                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9235485                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21714892                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4961446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      4206768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10954557                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1817697                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    208081118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      186366226     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1008575      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1603027      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2177914      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2241248      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1894938      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1061014      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1578443      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10149733      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    208081118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082522                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461528                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      177218492                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6040750                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21675808                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        24172                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3121893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3062208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          366                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    127705524                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1933                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3121893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      177703477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1240584                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      3685995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21221171                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1107995                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    127663009                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       150188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       483698                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    178116938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    593923646                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    593923646                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    154349697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       23767241                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        31506                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16333                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         3296208                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     11954305                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6473726                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76170                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1606910                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        127513092                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31620                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       121045621                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16444                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14176406                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34007220                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1019                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208081118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156818999     75.36%     75.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21108515     10.14%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10678440      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8039714      3.86%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6322714      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2565327      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1598563      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838553      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110293      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208081118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23174     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        76928     37.84%     49.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103179     50.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101806407     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1809603      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15171      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10960597      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6453843      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    121045621                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536857                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            203281                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001679                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450392085                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141721619                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119238744                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    121248902                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       247039                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1927404                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          504                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95018                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3121893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        990675                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107467                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127544843                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        24282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11954305                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6473726                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16335                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90600                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          504                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1052056                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1026258                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2078314                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119383319                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10314362                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1662302                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           16767957                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16962126                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6453595                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.529485                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            119238959                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           119238744                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        68455474                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       184497236                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528843                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371038                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89975578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    110713584                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16831289                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30601                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1838486                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204959225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159505122     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22553366     11.00%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8496015      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4049161      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3444188      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1955128      0.95%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1702496      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       776655      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2477094      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204959225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     89975578                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    110713584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             16405609                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10026901                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15266                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15964966                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        99751674                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2279822                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2477094                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          330026380                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         258211690                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2711598                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              17389682                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          89975578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           110713584                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     89975578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.505911                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.505911                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.399056                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.399056                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      537281222                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     166095802                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     118367258                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        30574                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20430082                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17010574                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1856787                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7749486                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7466103                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2198203                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86112                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177732374                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            112080305                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20430082                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9664306                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23360401                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5169876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6024536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11037123                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1774839                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    210413584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      187053183     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1433152      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1799465      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2875570      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1210371      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1549289      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1805107      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         827598      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11859849      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    210413584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.497095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      176687754                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      7170070                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23249063                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        10944                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3295745                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3109439                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          529                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    137005924                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2537                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3295745                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      176866817                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        572972                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      6097992                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23080964                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       499087                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    136160792                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        71995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       348184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    190164741                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    633178053                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    633178053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    159134744                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       31029997                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        32891                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1753177                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12752049                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6666609                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74543                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1510852                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        132933172                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33011                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       127541845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       128464                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16109101                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32784424                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1174                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210413584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156375594     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24644809     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10075706      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5647818      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7650204      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2356979      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2318877      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1245579      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98018      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210413584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        879145     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       120031     10.79%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113680     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107450437     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1742849      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15782      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11686446      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6646331      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    127541845                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1112856                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008725                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466738594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149075894                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124223536                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    128654701                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94427                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2409159                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          614                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94068                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           19                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3295745                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        436002                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54940                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132966190                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12752049                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6666609                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47949                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          614                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1098630                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1044983                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2143613                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125321968                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11495895                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2219877                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18141582                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17722359                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6645687                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555823                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            124223957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           124223536                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        74425993                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       199940864                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550952                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372240                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92581350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    114081552                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18885136                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31837                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1872626                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207117839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158833998     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24470835     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8883795      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4426015      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4047935      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1699726      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1684161      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       801246      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270128      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207117839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     92581350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    114081552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             16915431                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10342890                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             15882                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16535540                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       102710843                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2355793                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2270128                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          337813749                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         269229140                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2695914                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              15057216                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          92581350                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           114081552                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     92581350                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.435380                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.435380                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.410613                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.410613                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      563894391                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     173581802                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     126705897                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        31810                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       17121780                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15287228                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1361392                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11346947                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11166652                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1026673                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40910                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180873171                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             97266255                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          17121780                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     12193325                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            21683458                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       4475715                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2730649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10941177                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1336412                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    208393953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      186710495     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3303435      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1670372      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3271250      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1048963      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3021705      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         477173      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         771812      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        8118748      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    208393953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075938                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.431392                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      178593580                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5051401                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        21640846                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        17469                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3090653                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1617731                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        16022                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    108806876                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        30427                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3090653                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      178847630                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       3068509                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1207283                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        21407901                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       771973                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    108650800                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        84692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       622391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    142398966                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    492435968                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    492435968                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    115452430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26946409                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        14576                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7375                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1657328                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     19591326                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      3185923                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20299                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       726631                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        108092285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14628                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       101209724                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        65137                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19523650                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39983046                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208393953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163990260     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14035136      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14809121      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8628584      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4441715      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1113901      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1318464      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30731      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26041      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208393953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169362     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69465     23.47%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57174     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79364277     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       793234      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7202      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17885937     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3159074      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    101209724                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.448882                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            296001                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    411174539                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127630805                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98644231                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    101505725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        79567                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3989952                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          248                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78895                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3090653                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2053327                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95146                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    108106990                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19591326                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3185923                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7374                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36493                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2000                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          248                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       916821                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       527177                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1443998                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99930768                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17633576                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1278956                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20792494                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       15189692                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          3158918                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.443209                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             98666770                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            98644231                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        59686604                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       130006914                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.437503                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.459103                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78561200                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     88447835                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19663466                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1352824                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205303300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172373943     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12934615      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8311591      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2618904      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4342976      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       847339      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537685      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491359      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2844888      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205303300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     78561200                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     88447835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18708370                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            15601342                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7246                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         13570889                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        77296120                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1106187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2844888                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          310569427                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         219315795                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4019885                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              17076847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          78561200                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            88447835                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     78561200                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.870002                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.870002                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.348432                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.348432                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      464510151                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     128524730                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     115561220                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        14508                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18285838                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14955026                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1782424                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7558763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7208182                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1880024                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79186                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177357081                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            103787186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18285838                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9088206                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21747071                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5186123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3098804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10905252                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1796317                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    205567590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      183820519     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1180500      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1859944      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2965535      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1228471      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1372187      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1463184      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         953229      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10724021      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    205567590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081101                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460313                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      175727496                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      4741645                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21678811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        55451                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3364184                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      2997804                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          452                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    126735786                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2896                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3364184                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      175998587                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1514818                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2443975                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21468075                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       777948                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    126662257                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        22320                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       216646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       293048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39166                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    175848899                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    589233660                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    589233660                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    150071709                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       25777190                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        32190                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17676                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2337824                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12065121                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6484719                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195847                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1476610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        126484730                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32265                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       119687235                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147501                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16096853                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35831625                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3001                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205567590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155118838     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20236818      9.84%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11070517      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7550647      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7068240      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2029689      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1584540      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537611      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370690      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205567590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27752     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86801     38.82%     51.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109051     48.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100266689     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1893966      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14510      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11058622      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6453448      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    119687235                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530833                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223604                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445313165                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142615131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117764215                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    119910839                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       361875                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2160415                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          311                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1315                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       188350                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7493                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3364184                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1015675                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106140                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126517112                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12065121                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6484719                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17649                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        77921                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1315                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1039730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1019674                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2059404                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117985113                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10400113                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1702122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           16851906                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16597377                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6451793                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523283                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            117765103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           117764215                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        68855295                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       179919121                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522304                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382701                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88152870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    108052082                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18465214                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1820166                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202203406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158338175     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21243793     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8270551      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4456295      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3336433      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1861265      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1150855      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1027197      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2518842      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202203406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88152870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    108052082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16201075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             9904706                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             14600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15510575                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        97362699                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2194967                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2518842                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          326201275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         256398950                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2860441                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19903210                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88152870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           108052082                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88152870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.557725                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.557725                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390972                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390972                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      532048901                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163241418                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     118202811                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        29238                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              225470800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       17123566                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15289261                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1360011                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11349017                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11169113                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1026457                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40879                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180873458                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             97274138                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          17123566                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     12195570                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            21685336                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       4472757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2719153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10940384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1334860                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    208383028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      186697692     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3304815      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1671151      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3271067      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1047602      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3022507      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         477021      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         771937      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        8119236      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    208383028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075946                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.431427                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      178599765                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5034199                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        21642646                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        17357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3089057                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1617665                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        16024                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    108810648                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        30445                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3089057                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      178852816                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       3060338                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1200557                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        21410443                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       769813                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    108654221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        84104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       620890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    142401739                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    492439692                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    492439692                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    115468600                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       26933125                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        14564                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7362                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1654577                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     19592797                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3186022                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19461                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       725724                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        108095876                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14612                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       101214445                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        65047                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19512661                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39966273                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208383028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163977664     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14032016      6.73%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14814608      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8629549      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4440255      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1113274      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1318674      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30772      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26216      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208383028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169320     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69433     23.45%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57350     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79366783     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       793299      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7202      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17888293     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3158868      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    101214445                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.448903                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            296103                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    411173068                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127623412                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98652123                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    101510548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        79637                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3987367                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           91                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          274                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78987                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3089057                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2051036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    108110559                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19592797                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3186022                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7359                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36552                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2042                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          274                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       916003                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       526888                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1442891                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99937519                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17636220                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1276926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  71                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20794935                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       15191300                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3158715                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.443239                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             98674429                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            98652123                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        59695878                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       130004763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.437538                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.459182                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78574886                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     88461521                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19653470                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14521                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1351442                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205293971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172359335     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12936958      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8312764      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2620238      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4342568      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       847588      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537397      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491257      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2845866      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205293971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     78574886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     88461521                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18712463                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            15605428                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              7246                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         13573149                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        77307554                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1106191                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2845866                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          310562810                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         219321499                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4020178                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              17087772                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          78574886                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            88461521                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     78574886                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.869502                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.869502                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.348493                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.348493                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      464544336                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     128534843                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     115572603                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        14506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         296915                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.581230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1809820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         329676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.489693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           232.949235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.200288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2637.330178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     4.081100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1249.372650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.783483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1631.019032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.739613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1651.516609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.841222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  2086.043593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.770123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1653.524372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.879967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2095.412536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.191865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2612.358194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.270884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   987.050536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.020101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   997.205939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.136727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1696.925117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     4.398945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1223.182186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.171145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   995.856586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.043432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1650.267622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.419424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2094.926931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.211296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1632.512620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           408.146877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           289.054600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           353.015226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           348.165856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           392.600562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           352.933499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           384.440178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           453.256679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           275.181881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           290.428639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           330.878874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           320.923761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           286.697210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           354.575826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           374.829317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           366.838693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.080485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.038128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.049775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.050400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.063661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.050462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.063947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.079723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.030122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.030432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.051786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.037329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.030391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.050362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.063932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.049820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.012456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.008821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.010625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.011981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.010771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.013832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.008398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.008863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.010098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.009794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.008749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.010821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.011195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        37984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        22420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        22600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        37876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  506093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           132078                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                132078                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          188                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1762                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        22608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        22789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        37994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   507855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43485                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31567                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31712                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        22608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31573                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        22789                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        37994                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  507855                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        26087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                296790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  22                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        26087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 296812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28697                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12784                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17744                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17579                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17611                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25933                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9848                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17698                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9935                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17539                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        26087                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17535                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                296812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5924282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4608432470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6391840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2050039457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5583319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2841150733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5128978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2811248409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5733281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4228148017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5418206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2823273702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6010664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4187253618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5668160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4550100287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5759908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1634371919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5587571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1587699185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5818974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2855630721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6200098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2017999808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6084570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1603517740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5624732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2798608072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5975999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4215109573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5445349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2806640449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47711580091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       512625                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       136951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       455708                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1011088                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1315208                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       154940                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3586520                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5924282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4608945095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6391840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2050039457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5583319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2841287684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5128978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2811248409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5733281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4228148017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5418206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2823273702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6010664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4187253618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5668160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4550555995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5759908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1634371919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5587571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1587699185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5818974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2856641809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6200098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2017999808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6084570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1603517740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5624732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2799923280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5975999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4215109573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5445349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2806795389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      47715166611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5924282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4608945095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6391840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2050039457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5583319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2841287684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5128978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2811248409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5733281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4228148017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5418206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2823273702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6010664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4187253618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5668160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4550555995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5759908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1634371919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5587571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1587699185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5818974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2856641809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6200098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2017999808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6084570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1603517740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5624732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2799923280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5975999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4215109573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5445349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2806795389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     47715166611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        49259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        64148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        32564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        32529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        32535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        63963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              802883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       132078                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            132078                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          188                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1784                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        49322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        64267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        32752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        32717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        32724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               804667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        49322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        64267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        32752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        32717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        32724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              804667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.357497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.311510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.302745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.369655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.043478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.043478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.041958                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.126984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016129                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.012332                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.357055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.309722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.301006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.343931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.303600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.368863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.357055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.309722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.301006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.343931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.303600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.368863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151904.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160606.136126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155898.536585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160359.782306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155092.194444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 160127.979090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150852.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159920.837875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 147007.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161601.743503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150505.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160313.082846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154119.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161464.297150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149162.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160525.676028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155673.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161117.105580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155210.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161220.469639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149204.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161408.021761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151221.902439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160681.567641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156014.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161400.879718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156242.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159637.674519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 145756.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161578.931000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151259.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160068.464070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160758.718592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       170875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       136951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151902.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 168514.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       164401                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       154940                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163023.636364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151904.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160607.209639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155898.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160359.782306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155092.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 160126.672904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150852.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159920.837875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 147007.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161601.743503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150505.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160313.082846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154119.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161464.297150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149162.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160524.763475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155673.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161117.105580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155210.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161220.469639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149204.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161410.431066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151221.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160681.567641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156014.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161400.879718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156242.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159639.847198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 145756.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161578.931000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151259.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160068.171600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160758.886470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151904.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160607.209639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155898.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160359.782306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155092.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 160126.672904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150852.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159920.837875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 147007.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161601.743503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150505.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160313.082846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154119.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161464.297150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149162.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160524.763475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155673.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161117.105580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155210.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161220.469639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149204.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161410.431066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151221.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160681.567641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156014.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161400.879718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156242.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159639.847198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 145756.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161578.931000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151259.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160068.171600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160758.886470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                66439                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     66439                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        26087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           296790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             22                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        26087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            296812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        26087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           296812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3655926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2938080902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4009012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1305592180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3491969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1807667130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3151059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1787331894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3460948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2704603201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3327106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1797462862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3740094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2677000731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3454666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2900054860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3611389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1043685539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3494872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1014237207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3547761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1825227815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3817761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1286678223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3819373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1024970092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3531029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1777377140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3587700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2696023913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3350035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1785284448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30428328837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       337893                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        78854                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       280764                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       661472                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       851301                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        96441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2306725                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3655926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2938418795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4009012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1305592180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3491969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1807745984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3151059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1787331894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3460948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2704603201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3327106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1797462862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3740094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2677000731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3454666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2900335624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3611389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1043685539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3494872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1014237207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3547761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1825889287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3817761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1286678223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3819373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1024970092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3531029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1778228441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3587700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2696023913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3350035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1785380889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30430635562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3655926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2938418795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4009012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1305592180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3491969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1807745984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3151059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1787331894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3460948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2704603201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3327106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1797462862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3740094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2677000731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3454666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2900335624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3611389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1043685539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3494872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1014237207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3547761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1825889287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3817761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1286678223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3819373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1024970092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3531029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1778228441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3587700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2696023913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3350035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1785380889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30430635562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.357497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.311510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.302745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.369655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.041958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.126984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.357055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.309722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.301006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.343931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.303600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.368863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.357055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.309722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.301006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.343931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.303600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.368863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93741.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102393.563184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97780.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102127.047872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96999.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101880.579947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92678.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101674.264406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 88742.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103371.166527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92419.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102064.781216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95899.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103227.576100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90912.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102312.748633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97605.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102886.981368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97079.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102989.155869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90968.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103166.844619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93116.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102450.690580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97932.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103167.598591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98084.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101384.812047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 87504.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103347.411086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93056.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101818.435497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102524.777914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       112631                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        78854                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        93588                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110245.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106412.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        96441                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104851.136364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93741.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102394.633411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97780.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102127.047872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96999.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101879.282236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92678.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101674.264406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 88742.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103371.166527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92419.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102064.781216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95899.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103227.576100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90912.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102311.825314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97605.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102886.981368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97079.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102989.155869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90968.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103169.244378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93116.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102450.690580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97932.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103167.598591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98084.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101387.105365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 87504.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103347.411086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93056.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101818.128828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102524.950346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93741.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102394.633411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97780.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102127.047872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96999.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101879.282236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92678.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101674.264406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 88742.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103371.166527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92419.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102064.781216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95899.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103227.576100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90912.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102311.825314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97605.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102886.981368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97079.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102989.155869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90968.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103169.244378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93116.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102450.690580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97932.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103167.598591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98084.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101387.105365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 87504.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103347.411086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93056.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101818.128828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102524.950346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              579.378433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010685305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1733594.005146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    38.176534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.201899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.061180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10677415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10677415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10677415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10677415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10677415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10677415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8329560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8329560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8329560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8329560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8329560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8329560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10677467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10677467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10677467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10677467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10677467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10677467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160183.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160183.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160183.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160183.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160183.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160183.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6722899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6722899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6722899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6722899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6722899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6722899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168072.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168072.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168072.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168072.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168072.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168072.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72182                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432112265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                72438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5965.270507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.879494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.120506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27998145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27998145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43328071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43328071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43328071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43328071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          225                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       255420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       255420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30513017945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30513017945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21299722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21299722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30534317667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30534317667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30534317667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30534317667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28253340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28253340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43583491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43583491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43583491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43583491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119567.459962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119567.459962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94665.431111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94665.431111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119545.523714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119545.523714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119545.523714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119545.523714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           12680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183238                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183238                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7936125654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7936125654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5317579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5317579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7941443233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7941443233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7941443233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7941443233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110051.248097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110051.248097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 77066.362319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77066.362319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110019.717284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110019.717284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110019.717284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110019.717284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.249941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              981400774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1894596.088803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    42.249941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.067708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10950412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10950412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10950412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10950412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10950412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10950412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8702812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8702812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8702812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8702812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8702812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8702812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10950462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10950462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10950462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10950462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10950462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10950462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174056.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174056.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174056.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174056.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174056.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174056.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7465615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7465615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7465615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7465615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7465615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7465615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173618.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173618.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173618.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173618.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173618.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173618.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                36536                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              160539439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                36792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4363.433328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.746127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.253873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.913071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.086929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7544825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7544825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6351661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6351661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16341                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16341                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15295                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15295                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13896486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       13896486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13896486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      13896486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       116897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          820                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          820                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       117717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       117717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       117717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       117717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14343325735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14343325735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     70668154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70668154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14413993889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14413993889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14413993889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14413993889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7661722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7661722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6352481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6352481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16341                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16341                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15295                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15295                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14014203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14014203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14014203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14014203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122700.546079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122700.546079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86180.675610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86180.675610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122446.153818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122446.153818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122446.153818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122446.153818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        80500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        81181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        81181                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81181                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3761967225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3761967225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9211598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9211598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3771178823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3771178823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3771178823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3771178823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103359.266560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103359.266560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66270.489209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66270.489209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103218.163537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103218.163537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103218.163537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103218.163537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              560.306037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              898753981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1593535.427305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.107711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.198326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.056262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10938134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10938134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10938134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       10938134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10938134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      10938134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7998335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7998335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7998335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7998335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7998335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7998335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10938180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10938180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10938180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     10938180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10938180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     10938180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173876.847826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173876.847826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173876.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173876.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173876.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173876.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6555372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6555372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6555372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6555372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6555372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6555372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177172.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177172.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177172.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177172.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177172.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177172.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                49311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              216622265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                49567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4370.292029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   200.142057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    55.857943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.781805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.218195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16104483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16104483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3092061                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3092061                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19196544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       19196544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19196544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      19196544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       172411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       172411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19508027737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19508027737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     27664803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27664803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19535692540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19535692540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19535692540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19535692540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16276588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16276588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3092367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3092367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7256                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7256                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19368955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19368955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19368955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19368955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113349.569954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113349.569954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90407.852941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90407.852941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113308.852335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113308.852335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113308.852335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113308.852335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            5657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       122857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5142623309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5142623309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4422505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4422505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5147045814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5147045814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5147045814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5147045814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104422.987918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104422.987918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 70198.492063                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70198.492063                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104379.262517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104379.262517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104379.262517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104379.262517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              557.948400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              898755364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1599208.832740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.790592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.157807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.052549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10939517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10939517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10939517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10939517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10939517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10939517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6826132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6826132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6826132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6826132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6826132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6826132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10939558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10939558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10939558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10939558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10939558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10939558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166491.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166491.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166491.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166491.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166491.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166491.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5881099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5881099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5881099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5881099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5881099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5881099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168031.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168031.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168031.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168031.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168031.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168031.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                49322                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              216617726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                49578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4369.230828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   200.142367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    55.857633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.781806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.218194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16099967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16099967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3092059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3092059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7297                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7297                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19192026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       19192026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19192026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      19192026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       171879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       172185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       172185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       172185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       172185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  19427232942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19427232942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     26726136                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26726136                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  19453959078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19453959078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  19453959078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19453959078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16271846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16271846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3092365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3092365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7297                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7297                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19364211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19364211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19364211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19364211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113028.542998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113028.542998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 87340.313725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87340.313725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112982.890949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112982.890949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112982.890949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112982.890949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            5699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       122620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       122863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       122863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        49259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        49322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        49322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5122640568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5122640568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4170850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4170850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5126811418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5126811418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5126811418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5126811418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103994.002477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103994.002477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66203.968254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66203.968254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103945.732493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103945.732493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103945.732493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103945.732493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              528.350100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              987009825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1862282.688679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    38.350100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.061458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10906310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10906310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10906310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10906310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10906310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10906310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7274244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7274244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7274244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7274244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7274244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7274244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10906359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10906359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10906359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10906359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10906359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10906359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148453.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148453.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148453.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148453.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148453.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148453.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6159677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6159677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6159677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6159677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6159677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6159677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153991.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153991.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153991.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153991.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153991.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153991.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                64267                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              175167891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                64523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              2714.813183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.304378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.695622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.915251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.084749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7559458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7559458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6264688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6264688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17506                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17506                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14614                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14614                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     13824146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       13824146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     13824146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      13824146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       163093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       163093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       163812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       163812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       163812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       163812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  19874965363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19874965363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     61386357                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61386357                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  19936351720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19936351720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  19936351720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19936351720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7722551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7722551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6265407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6265407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17506                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17506                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        14614                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14614                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     13987958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13987958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     13987958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13987958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121862.773773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121862.773773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85377.408901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85377.408901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121702.633018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121702.633018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121702.633018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121702.633018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        98945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        99545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        99545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        64148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        64267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        64267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7048414912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7048414912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7912258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7912258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7056327170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7056327170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7056327170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7056327170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109877.391532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109877.391532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 66489.563025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66489.563025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109797.052453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109797.052453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109797.052453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109797.052453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              560.166157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              898755239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1593537.657801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.967843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.198315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10939392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10939392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10939392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10939392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10939392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10939392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7409391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7409391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7409391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7409391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7409391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7409391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10939435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10939435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10939435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10939435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10939435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10939435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172311.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172311.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172311.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172311.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172311.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172311.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6416155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6416155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6416155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6416155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6416155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6416155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173409.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173409.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173409.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173409.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173409.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173409.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                49323                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              216617678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                49579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4369.141733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   200.142039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    55.857961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.781805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.218195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16100532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16100532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3091439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3091439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7302                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7302                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7255                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7255                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19191971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       19191971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19191971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      19191971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       172283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          290                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          290                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       172573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       172573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       172573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       172573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19507287872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19507287872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     25683659                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25683659                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19532971531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19532971531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19532971531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19532971531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16272815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16272815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3091729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3091729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7302                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7302                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7255                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7255                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19364544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19364544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19364544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19364544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113228.164543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113228.164543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 88564.341379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88564.341379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113186.718264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113186.718264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113186.718264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113186.718264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            5843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       123021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       123021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       123250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       123250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        49262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        49323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        49323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5130948158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5130948158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4120196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4120196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5135068354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5135068354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5135068354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5135068354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104156.310300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104156.310300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67544.196721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67544.196721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104111.030432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104111.030432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104111.030432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104111.030432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              528.855071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              987012295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1862287.349057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.855071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.062268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10908780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10908780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10908780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10908780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10908780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10908780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7961505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7961505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7961505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7961505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7961505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7961505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10908831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10908831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10908831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10908831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10908831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10908831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156107.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156107.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156107.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156107.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156107.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156107.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6520899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6520899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6520899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6520899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6520899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6520899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163022.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163022.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163022.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163022.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163022.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163022.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                64167                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              175173381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                64423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2719.112444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.297250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.702750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7564258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7564258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6265416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6265416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17465                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17465                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14617                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14617                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13829674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       13829674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13829674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      13829674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       162558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       163277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       163277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       163277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       163277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19760990883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19760990883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61258654                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61258654                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19822249537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19822249537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19822249537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19822249537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7726816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7726816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6266135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6266135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17465                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17465                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        14617                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14617                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13992951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13992951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13992951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13992951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121562.709205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121562.709205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85199.796940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85199.796940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121402.582954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121402.582954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121402.582954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121402.582954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        98510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7012808371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7012808371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7883153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7883153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7020691524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7020691524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7020691524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7020691524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109493.011039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109493.011039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66244.983193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66244.983193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109412.806022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109412.806022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109412.806022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109412.806022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              578.737637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1010686452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1736574.659794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.707843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.029795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.060429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10678562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10678562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10678562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10678562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10678562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10678562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7758823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7758823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7758823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7758823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7758823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7758823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10678609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10678609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10678609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10678609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10678609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10678609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165081.340426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165081.340426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165081.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165081.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165081.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165081.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6590108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6590108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6590108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6590108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6590108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6590108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168977.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168977.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168977.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168977.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168977.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168977.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                72216                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              432137349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                72472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5962.818040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.878755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.121245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     28013882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28013882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15339264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15339264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7493                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7493                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     43353146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       43353146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     43353146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      43353146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       255303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       255530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       255530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       255530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       255530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  30455878452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30455878452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21085238                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21085238                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  30476963690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30476963690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  30476963690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30476963690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     28269185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28269185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15339491                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15339491                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7493                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7493                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     43608676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43608676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     43608676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43608676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119293.069224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119293.069224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92886.511013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92886.511013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119269.610965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119269.610965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119269.610965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119269.610965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           13589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       183156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       183314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       183314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        72147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        72216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        72216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7899665953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7899665953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5227494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5227494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7904893447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7904893447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7904893447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7904893447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109494.032364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109494.032364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 75760.782609                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75760.782609                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109461.801360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109461.801360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109461.801360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109461.801360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              493.223456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              984618064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1993153.975709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.223456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11034503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11034503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11034503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11034503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11034503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11034503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8383731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8383731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8383731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8383731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8383731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8383731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11034552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11034552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11034552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11034552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11034552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11034552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171096.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171096.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171096.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171096.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171096.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171096.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6782607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6782607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6782607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6782607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6782607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6782607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       173913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                32752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              158123862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                33008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4790.470856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.267555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.732445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8805850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8805850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6541113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6541113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16994                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16994                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15346963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15346963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15346963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15346963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        83995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1893                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1893                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        85888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        85888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        85888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        85888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9059878136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9059878136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    128849620                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    128849620                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9188727756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9188727756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9188727756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9188727756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8889845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8889845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6543006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6543006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16994                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16994                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15432851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15432851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15432851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15432851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107862.112459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107862.112459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68066.360275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68066.360275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106985.000885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106985.000885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106985.000885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106985.000885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       340626                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        30966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        51431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        53136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        53136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3236030510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3236030510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14499619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14499619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3250530129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3250530129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3250530129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3250530129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99374.478258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99374.478258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 77125.632979                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77125.632979                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99246.767495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99246.767495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99246.767495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99246.767495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              492.491883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              984621809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1997204.480730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.491883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11038248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11038248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11038248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11038248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11038248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11038248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7891267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7891267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7891267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7891267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7891267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7891267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11038294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11038294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11038294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11038294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11038294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11038294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171549.282609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171549.282609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171549.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171549.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171549.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171549.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6553597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6553597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6553597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6553597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6553597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6553597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172463.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172463.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172463.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172463.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172463.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172463.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                32717                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158124647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                32973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4795.579626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.249643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.750357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8807175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8807175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6540685                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6540685                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15347860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15347860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15347860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15347860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        83935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1896                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1896                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        85831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        85831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        85831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        85831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8987185730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8987185730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    128995636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    128995636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9116181366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9116181366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9116181366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9116181366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8891110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8891110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6542581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6542581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16882                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16882                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15433691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15433691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15433691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15433691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107073.160541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107073.160541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 68035.672996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68035.672996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106210.825529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106210.825529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106210.825529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106210.825529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       179518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 29919.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        51406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        53114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        53114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3204186289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3204186289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14548465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14548465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3218734754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3218734754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3218734754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3218734754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98502.452857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98502.452857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77385.452128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77385.452128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98381.109332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98381.109332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98381.109332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98381.109332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              519.794611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              982465001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1882116.860153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    38.725723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   481.068889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.770944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10785660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10785660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10785660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10785660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10785660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10785660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7737133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7737133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7737133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7737133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7737133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7737133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10785708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10785708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10785708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10785708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10785708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10785708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161190.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161190.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161190.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161190.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161190.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161190.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6523959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6523959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6523959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6523959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6523959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6523959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163098.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163098.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163098.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163098.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163098.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163098.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                49271                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166468971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                49527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3361.176146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.019456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.980544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.914139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.085861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7605039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7605039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6437233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6437233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15992                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15992                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14813                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14813                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14042272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14042272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14042272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14042272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       168819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3721                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3721                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       172540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       172540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       172540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       172540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21934238156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21934238156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    471918559                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    471918559                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22406156715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22406156715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22406156715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22406156715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7773858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7773858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6440954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6440954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        15992                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15992                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        14813                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14813                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14214812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14214812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14214812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14214812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 129927.544625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129927.544625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 126825.734749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126825.734749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 129860.650951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129860.650951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 129860.650951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129860.650951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           16729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       119691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       123269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       123269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5153429308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5153429308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10297978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10297978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5163727286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5163727286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5163727286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5163727286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104898.007409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104898.007409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 72013.832168                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72013.832168                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104802.567149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104802.567149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104802.567149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104802.567149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.106001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              981404871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1894603.998069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    42.106001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.067478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10954509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10954509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10954509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10954509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10954509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10954509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8328514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8328514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8328514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8328514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8328514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8328514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10954557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10954557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10954557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10954557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10954557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10954557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173510.708333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173510.708333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173510.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173510.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173510.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173510.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7386553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7386553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7386553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7386553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7386553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7386553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171780.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171780.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171780.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171780.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171780.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171780.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                36516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              160533465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                36772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4365.644104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.747278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.252722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.913075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.086925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7542009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7542009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6348628                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6348628                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16224                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16224                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15287                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15287                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     13890637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       13890637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     13890637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      13890637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       116903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          754                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          754                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       117657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       117657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       117657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       117657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14300486032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14300486032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     64485791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64485791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14364971823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14364971823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14364971823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14364971823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7658912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7658912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6349382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6349382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14008294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14008294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14008294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14008294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122327.793401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122327.793401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85524.921751                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85524.921751                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122091.943726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122091.943726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122091.943726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122091.943726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            7604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        80518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        81141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        81141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3739815829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3739815829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8687176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8687176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3748503005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3748503005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3748503005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3748503005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102784.549375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102784.549375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 66314.320611                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66314.320611                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102653.713578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102653.713578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102653.713578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102653.713578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              495.193652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              984620632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1985122.241935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    40.193652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.064413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11037071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11037071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11037071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11037071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11037071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11037071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9080718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9080718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9080718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9080718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9080718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9080718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11037123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11037123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11037123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11037123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11037123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11037123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174629.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174629.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174629.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174629.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174629.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174629.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7378478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7378478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7378478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7378478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7378478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7378478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179962.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179962.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179962.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179962.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179962.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179962.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                32724                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              158118535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                32980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4794.376440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.253897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.746103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8803279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8803279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6538511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6538511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16846                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16846                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15341790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15341790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15341790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15341790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        83979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1893                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1893                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        85872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        85872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        85872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        85872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9031565936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9031565936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    126644845                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    126644845                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9158210781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9158210781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9158210781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9158210781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8887258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8887258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6540404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6540404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16846                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16846                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15427662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15427662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15427662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15427662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107545.528477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107545.528477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66901.661384                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66901.661384                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106649.557260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106649.557260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106649.557260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106649.557260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        83546                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 16709.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            6955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        51444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        53148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        53148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3215567073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3215567073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14510986                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14510986                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3230078059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3230078059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3230078059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3230078059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98834.088612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98834.088612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76777.703704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76777.703704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98706.700251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98706.700251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98706.700251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98706.700251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              559.983552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              898756980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1593540.744681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.739747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.243805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.055673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10941133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10941133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10941133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10941133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10941133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10941133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7756999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7756999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7756999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7756999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7756999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7756999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10941177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10941177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10941177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10941177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10941177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10941177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176295.431818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176295.431818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176295.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176295.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176295.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176295.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6780718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6780718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6780718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6780718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6780718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6780718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 183262.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183262.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 183262.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183262.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 183262.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183262.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                49332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              216622946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                49588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4368.454989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   200.157436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    55.842564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.781865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.218135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16105170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16105170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3092058                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3092058                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7314                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7314                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19197228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       19197228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19197228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      19197228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       171776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          309                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          309                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       172085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       172085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       172085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       172085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19336163180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19336163180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     33622803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33622803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19369785983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19369785983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19369785983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19369785983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16276946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16276946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3092367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3092367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7314                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7314                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19369313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19369313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19369313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19369313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112566.151150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112566.151150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108811.660194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108811.660194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112559.409495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112559.409495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112559.409495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112559.409495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            5727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       122506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       122752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       122752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        49270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        49333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        49333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5112022538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5112022538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5087823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5087823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5117110361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5117110361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5117110361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5117110361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103755.277816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103755.277816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 80759.095238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80759.095238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103725.910871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103725.910871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103725.910871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103725.910871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              529.845124                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              987008714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1855279.537594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    40.724093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   489.121031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.065263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.849111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10905199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10905199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10905199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10905199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10905199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10905199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7670863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7670863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7670863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7670863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7670863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7670863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10905252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10905252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10905252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10905252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10905252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10905252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 144733.264151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144733.264151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 144733.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 144733.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 144733.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 144733.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6496947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6496947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6496947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6496947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6496947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6496947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154689.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154689.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154689.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154689.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154689.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154689.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                64081                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              175172796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                64337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2722.738020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.318583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.681417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.915307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.084693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7562940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7562940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6266121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6266121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14619                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14619                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13829061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       13829061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13829061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      13829061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       162521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       163236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       163236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       163236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       163236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19820962683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19820962683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     61890159                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61890159                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19882852842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19882852842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19882852842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19882852842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7725461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7725461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6266836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6266836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17491                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17491                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        14619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     13992297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13992297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     13992297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13992297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121959.394066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121959.394066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86559.662937                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86559.662937                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121804.337536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121804.337536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121804.337536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121804.337536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8016                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8016                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        98558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        99155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        99155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        63963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7026813634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7026813634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7984239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7984239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7034797873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7034797873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7034797873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7034797873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109857.474384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109857.474384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 67663.042373                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67663.042373                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109779.776736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109779.776736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109779.776736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109779.776736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              560.423442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              898756188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1593539.340426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.179653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.243789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10940341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10940341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10940341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10940341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10940341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10940341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7264564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7264564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7264564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7264564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7264564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7264564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10940384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10940384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10940384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10940384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10940384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10940384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168943.348837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168943.348837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168943.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168943.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168943.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168943.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6266422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6266422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6266422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6266422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6266422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6266422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169362.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169362.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169362.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169362.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169362.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169362.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                49321                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              216625804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                49577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4369.481897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   199.924144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    56.075856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.780954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.219046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16108025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16108025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3092077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3092077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7299                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7299                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19200102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       19200102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19200102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      19200102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       171663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       171961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       171961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       171961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       171961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19400066382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19400066382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     26686693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26686693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19426753075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19426753075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19426753075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19426753075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16279688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16279688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3092375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3092375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19372063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19372063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19372063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19372063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113012.509289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113012.509289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89552.661074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89552.661074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112971.854519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112971.854519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112971.854519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112971.854519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            5820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        49259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        49321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        49321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5120167856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5120167856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4330296                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4330296                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5124498152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5124498152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5124498152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5124498152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103943.804300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103943.804300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69843.483871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69843.483871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103900.937775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103900.937775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103900.937775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103900.937775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
