
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001128                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1128031704                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400624746102                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 383441                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   504623                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37093                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67761124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30411.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11660847020                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15346131634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        68096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        69888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               461824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           40192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       182784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            182784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     60367098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13049279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2836800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     61955705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               409406933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2836800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           35630204                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         162037999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              162037999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         162037999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     60367098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13049279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2836800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     61955705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              571444932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21976                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1178591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102016                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       115293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles          640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2166284     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11230      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17825      0.74%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23879      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25123      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21391      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11493      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17591      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116264      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077886                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       136251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34332                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1444721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1997669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         15898                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       107328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        13043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1443017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2014017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6710241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6710241                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         298783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72363                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439616                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829521     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245410     10.18%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122608      5.09%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86451      3.59%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69333      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28840      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18198      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9477      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1242      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.55%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1230     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141483     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20236      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123081      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72006      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5127792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         12912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72363                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494277                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1334937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          767690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2069518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370951                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860346     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257252     10.84%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93960      3.96%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45024      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42288      1.78%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22082      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16500      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8460      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26552      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3785876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2918581                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                294033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.705113                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.705113                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.369670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.369670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6016422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1861080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         189160                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167715                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16461                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122238                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117424                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11664                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1960096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1072298                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            189160                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       129088                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              237828                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         53473                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        73148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          119882                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2307996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2070168     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          35056      1.52%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18730      0.81%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          34235      1.48%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          11805      0.51%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          31678      1.37%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5223      0.23%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8998      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          92103      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2307996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.069927                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.396397                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1933939                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        99984                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          237214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        36579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        18957                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1207947                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        36579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1937200                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         62570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        27765                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          234043                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         9838                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1205395                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1590818                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5473422                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5473422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1267170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         323643                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           21042                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       209246                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        36310                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          322                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8229                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1197415                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1112952                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1086                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228927                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482710                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2307996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1821216     78.91%     78.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156992      6.80%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158231      6.86%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92687      4.02%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49784      2.16%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13156      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15280      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          359      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2307996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2027     57.67%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          830     23.61%     81.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          658     18.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       878238     78.91%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9137      0.82%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189566     17.03%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35928      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1112952                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.411425                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3515                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4538501                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1426515                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1083137                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1116467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          944                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        36579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         49837                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          983                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1197580                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209246                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36310                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          430                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9933                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        17426                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1096788                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186263                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             222182                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         165854                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            35919                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.405450                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1083502                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1083137                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          654678                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1457941                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.400404                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.449043                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       853453                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       966381                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231254                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16199                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2271417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1909032     84.05%     84.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144103      6.34%     90.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91131      4.01%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28516      1.26%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46933      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9657      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6215      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5479      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30351      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2271417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       853453                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       966381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               199985                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              164755                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           148101                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          845695                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12523                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        30351                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3438701                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2431876                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 44363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                397117                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            853453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              966381                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       853453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.169610                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.169610                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.315496                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.315496                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5083661                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1420545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1267203                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         189150                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167706                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16461                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122235                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117421                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11663                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1959985                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1072246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            189150                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       129084                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              237818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         53471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        75372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          119881                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16059                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2310097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.524620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2072279     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          35055      1.52%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18729      0.81%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          34237      1.48%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          11802      0.51%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          31676      1.37%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5222      0.23%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8998      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          92099      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2310097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.069923                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.396378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1933795                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       102239                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          237203                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        36577                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        18956                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1207900                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        36577                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1937064                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         63219                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        29344                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          234034                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9858                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1205338                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         7950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1590727                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5473174                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5473174                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1267075                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         323641                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           21078                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       209243                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        36310                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          323                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8229                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1197346                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1112889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1083                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228916                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482697                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2310097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1823351     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156974      6.80%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158221      6.85%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92684      4.01%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49787      2.16%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13149      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15280      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          360      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2310097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2027     57.63%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          832     23.66%     81.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          658     18.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       878177     78.91%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9137      0.82%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189564     17.03%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35928      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1112889                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.411402                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3517                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4540472                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1426435                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1083066                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1116406                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          944                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        36577                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         50496                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          985                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1197511                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209243                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36310                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          430                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9932                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        17425                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1096716                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186258                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16170                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             222177                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         165841                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            35919                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.405423                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1083428                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1083066                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          654635                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1457832                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.400377                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.449047                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       853398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       966320                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231243                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16199                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2273520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1911169     84.06%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144088      6.34%     90.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91116      4.01%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28512      1.25%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46933      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9659      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6214      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5479      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30350      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2273520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       853398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       966320                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               199982                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              164752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           148090                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          845644                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12523                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        30350                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3440733                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2431733                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 44364                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                395016                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            853398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              966320                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       853398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.169814                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.169814                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5083345                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1420439                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1267147                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         234920                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23121                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83581                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24722                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2033484                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1287786                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            234920                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       108303                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              267463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         65447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       171304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          131                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          128000                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22071                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2516159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2248696     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          16206      0.64%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20463      0.81%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          32788      1.30%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          13361      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          17444      0.69%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          20217      0.80%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9533      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         137451      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2516159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086843                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.476056                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2023360                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       184590                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          266151                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        35455                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1573329                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2025875                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          6401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       172086                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          263752                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6146                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1563329                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2184458                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7264672                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7264672                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1790679                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         393771                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           22674                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       148003                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        75370                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17089                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1524220                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1450233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2044                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207417                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438537                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2516159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1903205     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278556     11.07%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114183      4.54%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64742      2.57%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86146      3.42%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27501      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26906      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13800      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1120      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2516159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10215     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1425     11.00%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1316     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1222036     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19564      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133404      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75051      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1450233                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536108                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12956                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5431625                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1732031                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1410067                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1463189                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31607                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1425                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1524595                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148003                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75370                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12986                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13336                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        26322                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1423361                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130619                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26872                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             205646                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         200676                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            75027                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.526174                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1410101                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1410067                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          844346                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2270643                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521260                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371853                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1041620                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1283449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241149                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        23106                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1930641     78.03%     78.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275928     11.15%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99926      4.04%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49564      2.00%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45426      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19239      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19084      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9090      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25368      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1041620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1283449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               190341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              116396                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           186007                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1155546                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        26496                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        25368                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3973483                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3091099                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32988                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                188954                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1041620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1283449                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1041620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.597025                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.597025                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.385056                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.385056                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6401697                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1972870                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1452966                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         201008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164772                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21489                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80956                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76222                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20340                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1922479                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1148626                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            201008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        96562                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              250997                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         62022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       186407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          120151                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21311                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2400011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2149014     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          26632      1.11%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          30946      1.29%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          16915      0.70%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          19210      0.80%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11071      0.46%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7543      0.31%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          19731      0.82%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         118949      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2400011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.074307                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.424613                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1906687                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       202776                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          248782                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1981                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        32528                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1401949                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1910145                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         19911                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       174101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          247273                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8796                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1400040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4320                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1948078                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6517500                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6517500                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1627927                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         320117                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           26113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       134534                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        71845                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        15767                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1395696                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308819                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195475                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2400011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1850029     77.08%     77.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220241      9.18%     86.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119074      4.96%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82348      3.43%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72123      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36847      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9134      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5865      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4350      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2400011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.71%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1392     46.15%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1301     43.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1096138     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20399      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120945      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71178      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308819                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.483832                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3016                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5022569                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1591569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1284383                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1311835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26823                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         15724                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1396058                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134534                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71845                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24356                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1287294                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112971                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             184111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         179191                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            71140                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.475874                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1284475                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1284383                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          764558                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2005488                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.474798                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381233                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       955780                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1172497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223554                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        21450                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2360231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1880989     79.70%     79.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222402      9.42%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93554      3.96%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55327      2.34%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38546      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25154      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13329      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10362      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20568      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2360231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       955780                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1172497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               177383                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              107708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           167795                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1057064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        23848                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        20568                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3735714                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2831909                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 31428                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                305102                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            955780                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1172497                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       955780                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.830267                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.830267                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.353324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.353324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5804144                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1786208                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1305691                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2702400                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         149048                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121450                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16273                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60299                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56040                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14682                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          698                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1439178                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts               880847                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            149048                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        70722                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              180327                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         51780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       178366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines           90414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      1834509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1654182     90.17%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           9465      0.52%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          14872      0.81%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          22363      1.22%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4           9495      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11288      0.62%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11594      0.63%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8311      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          92939      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      1834509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.055154                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.325950                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1421709                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       198262                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          178807                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        34563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        24158                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1067702                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1384                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        34563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1425621                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         53660                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       132082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          176116                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12462                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1064730                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2320                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         6414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1000                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1454504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      4962138                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      4962138                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1183411                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         271016                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          244                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           35190                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       109251                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        59768                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3063                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        11741                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1060567                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          246                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued          984937                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1921                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173489                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       401701                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1834509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.536894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1413849     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       171543      9.35%     86.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        93903      5.12%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61868      3.37%     94.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56256      3.07%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17488      0.95%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12459      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4378      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2765      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1834509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           292     12.07%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1012     41.84%     53.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1115     46.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       810159     82.25%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18043      1.83%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98386      9.99%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58241      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total       984937                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.364468                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2419                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002456                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3808723                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1234383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       965597                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses       987356                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4653                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25156                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4717                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          799                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        34563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         37747                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1542                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1060817                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           37                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109251                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59768                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          136                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          845                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10308                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        18803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts       969809                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93058                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             151154                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         131393                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            58096                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.358870                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent               965724                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count              965597                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          571595                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1449994                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.357311                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.394205                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       709478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       865423                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196115                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16492                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1799946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1448730     80.49%     80.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167441      9.30%     89.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69425      3.86%     93.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35622      1.98%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26360      1.46%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15163      0.84%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9461      0.53%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7707      0.43%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20037      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1799946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       709478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       865423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               139124                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads               84084                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           120270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          782355                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        16890                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        20037                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            2841434                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2157733                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 26538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                867891                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            709478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              865423                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       709478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.808998                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.808998                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.262536                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.262536                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        4402071                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1318574                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1011398                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         201262                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164972                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21528                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81102                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76367                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20378                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924893                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1149839                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            201262                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        96745                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              251350                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         61988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       181355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          120225                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21277                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2397726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.929063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2146376     89.52%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          26685      1.11%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          31021      1.29%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          16950      0.71%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          19248      0.80%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11088      0.46%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           7477      0.31%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          19762      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         119119      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2397726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.074401                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.425061                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1909317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       197508                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          249125                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1991                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        32583                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1403678                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1912785                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         20640                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       168162                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          247690                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1401761                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1950982                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6526340                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6526340                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1631195                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         319739                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           25712                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       134636                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        71947                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        15797                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397842                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311100                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1906                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195272                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2397726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1846836     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220573      9.20%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119304      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82445      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72251      3.01%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36920      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9155      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5886      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4356      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2397726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.71%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1391     46.14%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1301     43.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098112     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20443      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121097      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71289      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311100                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.484675                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3015                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5024844                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1593512                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286682                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3121                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26728                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2159                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         16605                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1045                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398204                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134636                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71947                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          720                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11832                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24401                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289520                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113095                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21577                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             184346                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         179546                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            71251                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.476697                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1286774                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1286682                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          765993                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2009512                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.475648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957647                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223403                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21489                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2357946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1877781     79.64%     79.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222812      9.45%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93745      3.98%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55436      2.35%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38625      1.64%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25202      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13355      0.57%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10383      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20607      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2357946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       957647                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1174787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               177693                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              107905                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           168136                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1059107                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        23891                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        20607                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3735529                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2836191                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 31406                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                307387                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            957647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1174787                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       957647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.824750                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.824750                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.354014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.354014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5814489                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1789593                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1307152                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         188690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167292                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16434                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122133                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117159                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11569                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          557                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955662                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1069247                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            188690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       128728                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              237210                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         53401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        80442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          119615                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16020                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2310192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2072982     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          35249      1.53%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          18582      0.80%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          34143      1.48%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          11628      0.50%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          31540      1.37%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           5126      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9022      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          91920      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2310192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.069753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.395269                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1929399                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       107377                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          236621                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          261                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        36533                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        18949                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1204325                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1369                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        36533                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1932653                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         71255                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        26491                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          233437                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9822                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1201787                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         7953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1585611                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5456393                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5456393                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1262762                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         322844                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          165                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           20931                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       209036                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        36087                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          281                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8190                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1193933                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1109347                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1074                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228683                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482423                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2310192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825049     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156263      6.76%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       157843      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92292      3.99%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49888      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13129      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15067      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          365      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          296      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2310192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2039     57.84%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          833     23.63%     81.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          653     18.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       875497     78.92%     78.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9083      0.82%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           82      0.01%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189004     17.04%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35681      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1109347                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.410093                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3525                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003178                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4533485                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1422790                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1079618                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1112872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44595                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        36533                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         59281                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1194098                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209036                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36087                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9846                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7530                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        17376                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1093113                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185772                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             221444                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         165462                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            35672                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.404091                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1079956                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1079618                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          652799                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1451555                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.399103                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.449724                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       850828                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps       963087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231066                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        16172                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2273659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1912747     84.13%     84.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143419      6.31%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90743      3.99%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28422      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46765      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9581      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6225      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5455      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30302      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2273659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       850828                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps       963087                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               199452                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              164438                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           147613                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          842712                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12442                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        30302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3437510                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2424866                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 44350                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                394921                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            850828                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              963087                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       850828                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.179389                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.179389                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.314526                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.314526                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5066685                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1415698                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1263628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         192376                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173204                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11834                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76674                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66891                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10456                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          521                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2022338                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1208577                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            192376                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        77347                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              238234                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         37279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       219864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          117665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11733                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2505617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.566506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.879650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2267383     90.49%     90.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           8235      0.33%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17701      0.71%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           7037      0.28%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          38833      1.55%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          34860      1.39%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6638      0.26%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          14201      0.57%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         110729      4.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2505617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.071116                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.446775                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2002243                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       240347                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          237283                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          735                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        25003                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        17069                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1416635                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        25003                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2005428                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        210861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        20093                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          235051                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9175                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1414899                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         4233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1669753                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6658877                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6658877                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1447611                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         222136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           23740                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       330315                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       166077                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1557                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8141                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1410220                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1345787                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          936                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127352                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309628                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2505617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.537108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.329566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2023577     80.76%     80.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       146288      5.84%     86.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119211      4.76%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51335      2.05%     93.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64654      2.58%     95.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61163      2.44%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34803      1.39%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2865      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1721      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2505617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3371     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25736     86.14%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          771      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       848470     63.05%     63.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11745      0.87%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319994     23.78%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165498     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1345787                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.497498                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29878                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022201                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5228005                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1537793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332753                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1375665                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2390                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15598                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1502                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        25003                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        204472                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1410389                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330315                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166077                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6177                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7397                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        13574                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335122                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       318848                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             484314                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         174720                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           165466                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.493555                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1332867                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1332753                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          721354                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1428531                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.492679                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.504962                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1073992                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1262153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       148340                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        11884                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2480614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.508807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2021096     81.48%     81.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169042      6.81%     88.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78715      3.17%     91.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77594      3.13%     94.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21273      0.86%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88868      3.58%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6885      0.28%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4971      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12170      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2480614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1073992                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1262153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               479284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              314714                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           166706                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1122385                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        12170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3878937                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2846010                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 44864                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                199496                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1073992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1262153                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1073992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.518746                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.518746                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.397023                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.397023                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6592476                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1553371                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1678426                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2705094                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         210578                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172445                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22413                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85378                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80695                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21270                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1028                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2020806                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1179037                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            210578                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       101965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              244837                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         62121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       111135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          125309                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22260                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2416811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2171974     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          11407      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          17714      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          23771      0.98%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          25163      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          21199      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          11444      0.47%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          17972      0.74%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         116167      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2416811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077845                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.435858                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2000866                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       132119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          244226                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39219                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34348                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1445303                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39219                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2006740                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         13812                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       105392                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          238745                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        12899                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1443916                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2015427                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6713518                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6713518                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1714390                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         300946                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           40618                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       136160                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        72349                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          831                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        28093                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1441016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1358019                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          308                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178355                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433236                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2416811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.251031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1834858     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245229     10.15%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122876      5.08%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86911      3.60%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69415      2.87%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28481      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18337      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9414      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1290      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2416811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           313     12.83%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          897     36.78%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1229     50.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142651     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20222      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122992      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71986      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1358019                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.502023                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2439                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5135596                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1619738                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335511                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2688                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24743                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39219                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         10794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1173                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1441371                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136160                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72349                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          994                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12314                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25465                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337718                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115645                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20301                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             187612                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         189480                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            71967                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.494518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1335605                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1335511                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          767996                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2069918                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.493702                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371027                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229848                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211454                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22470                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2377592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1865780     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257178     10.82%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93938      3.95%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44830      1.89%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42047      1.77%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22201      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16623      0.70%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8587      0.36%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26408      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2377592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       999516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1229848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               182262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              111402                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           177316                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1108078                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25318                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        26408                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3792473                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2921913                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32545                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                288283                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            999516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1229848                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       999516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.706404                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.706404                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.369494                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.369494                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6018434                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1862023                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1338795                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2705108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         189532                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168026                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16498                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122380                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117563                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11698                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1963078                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1074304                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            189532                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       129261                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              238261                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         53570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        79257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          120072                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16093                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2317580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2079319     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          35092      1.51%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18784      0.81%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          34276      1.48%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          11849      0.51%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          31694      1.37%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5231      0.23%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9015      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          92320      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2317580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070064                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.397139                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1936848                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       106168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          237643                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        36639                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        19018                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1210355                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        36639                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1940119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         67164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        29309                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          234474                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         9874                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1207794                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         7962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1594302                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5484637                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5484637                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1270053                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         324249                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           21081                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       209462                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        36408                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          323                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8259                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1199826                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1115248                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1087                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       229322                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       483412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2317580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829820     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       157400      6.79%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158416      6.84%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92858      4.01%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49920      2.15%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13176      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15339      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          360      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2317580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2033     57.69%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          833     23.64%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          658     18.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       880204     78.92%     78.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9177      0.82%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189758     17.01%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36026      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1115248                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.412275                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3524                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4552687                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1429321                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1085360                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1118772                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          944                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        36639                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         54448                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          989                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1199991                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209462                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36408                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          433                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9947                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7518                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        17465                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1099023                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186447                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             222464                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         166186                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            36017                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.406277                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1085723                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1085360                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          655991                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1461745                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.401226                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.448773                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       855102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       968402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231649                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16236                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2280941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1917707     84.08%     84.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144486      6.33%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91340      4.00%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28588      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47014      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9686      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6238      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5498      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30384      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2280941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       855102                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       968402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               200256                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              164928                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           148405                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          847496                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12561                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        30384                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3450608                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2436763                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 44414                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                387528                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            855102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              968402                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       855102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.163492                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.163492                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316106                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316106                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5093663                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1423733                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1269423                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         149754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122034                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16362                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60710                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56535                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14764                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          713                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1448804                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts               886086                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            149754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        71299                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              181499                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         51872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       194275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines           90999                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      1859476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.925310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1677977     90.24%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           9526      0.51%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          15108      0.81%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          22460      1.21%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4           9587      0.52%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          11354      0.61%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          11658      0.63%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8447      0.45%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          93359      5.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      1859476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.055360                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.327560                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1429511                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       214237                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          180011                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1147                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        34565                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        24265                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          335                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1074009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        34565                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1433362                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         70421                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       129780                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          177355                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        13988                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1070901                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         3895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         6190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2819                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1463067                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      4991757                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      4991757                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1191973                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         271047                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          245                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          135                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           34759                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       110046                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        60177                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3109                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        11573                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1066747                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          248                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued          990309                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2042                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173196                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       405421                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1859476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.532574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.220170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1436046     77.23%     77.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172819      9.29%     86.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94730      5.09%     91.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62300      3.35%     94.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56414      3.03%     98.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17527      0.94%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12422      0.67%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4437      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2781      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1859476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           289     11.86%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1024     42.04%     53.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1123     46.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       814423     82.24%     82.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18214      1.84%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98905      9.99%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58658      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total       990309                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.366088                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2436                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002460                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3844571                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1240268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       971258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses       992745                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4763                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25310                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4677                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        34565                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         53942                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1512                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1066999                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       110046                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60177                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          136                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          811                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8610                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10242                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        18852                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts       975384                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             152110                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         132064                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            58527                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.360571                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent               971383                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count              971258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          574951                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1458117                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.359045                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.394311                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       714836                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       871736                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       195925                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          225                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16587                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1824911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.477687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1471079     80.61%     80.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168727      9.25%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70018      3.84%     93.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35790      1.96%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26609      1.46%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15190      0.83%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9511      0.52%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7745      0.42%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20242      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1824911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       714836                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       871736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               140228                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads               84732                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           121060                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          788084                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        16983                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        20242                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            2872317                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2169937                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 26713                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                845637                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            714836                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              871736                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       714836                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.784243                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.784243                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.264254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.264254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        4428051                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1326330                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1017598                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          224                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         235135                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195904                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23137                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91308                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24745                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2035312                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1288928                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            235135                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       108415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              267708                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         65485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       167543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          131                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          128105                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2516066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.998173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2248358     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          16222      0.64%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20490      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32811      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13375      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          17461      0.69%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          20236      0.80%     94.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9540      0.38%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         137573      5.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2516066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086922                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.476478                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2026772                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       180819                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          266395                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41915                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        35488                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1574720                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41915                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2029284                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6397                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       168325                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          264003                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1564702                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2186324                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7271146                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7271146                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1792381                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         393943                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22595                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       148157                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        75452                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          883                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1525593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1451593                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2044                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438689                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2516066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1902520     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278828     11.08%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114299      4.54%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64804      2.58%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86235      3.43%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27518      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26931      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13809      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1122      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2516066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10226     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1426     11.00%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1316     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1223161     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19572      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133549      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75133      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1451593                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536611                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12968                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5434264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1733508                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1411400                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1464561                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1152                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1425                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41915                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1525968                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148157                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75452                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12992                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        26339                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1424706                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130764                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             205873                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         200870                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            75109                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.526672                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1411434                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1411400                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          845148                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2272923                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521753                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371833                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1042626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1284705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        23122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1930013     78.01%     78.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276177     11.16%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100033      4.04%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49604      2.00%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45472      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19256      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19094      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9098      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25404      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1042626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1284705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               190556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              116529                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           186194                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1156664                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        26517                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        25404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3974709                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3093871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 33011                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                189047                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1042626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1284705                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1042626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.594519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.594519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.385428                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.385428                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6407795                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1974672                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1454290                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         192625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66980                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          517                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2025927                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1210506                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            192625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        77407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              238551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         37429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       208516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          117884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2498280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.569042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.883468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2259729     90.45%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           8214      0.33%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17682      0.71%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           7008      0.28%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          38959      1.56%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          34927      1.40%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6631      0.27%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          14272      0.57%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         110858      4.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2498280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.071208                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.447488                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2004863                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       229972                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          237589                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        25108                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        17082                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1418801                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        25108                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2008142                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        202464                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        17391                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          235237                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1417068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         4800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1671940                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6669298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6669298                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1449020                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         222908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           24856                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       330975                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       166385                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1412428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1347750                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127810                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310853                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2498280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2014867     80.65%     80.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147166      5.89%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119708      4.79%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51276      2.05%     93.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64676      2.59%     95.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61177      2.45%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34841      1.39%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2847      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1722      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2498280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3400     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25728     86.07%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          765      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       849445     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11754      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       320652     23.79%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165819     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1347750                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.498223                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29893                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022180                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5224634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540458                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334685                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1377643                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15641                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1505                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        25108                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        195407                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2483                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1412596                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330975                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1535                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6186                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        13620                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337054                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       319493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10696                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             485280                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         174934                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           165787                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.494269                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1334799                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1334685                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          722350                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1430642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.493393                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.504913                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1075343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1263687                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        11929                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2473172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.330041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2012885     81.39%     81.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169408      6.85%     88.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79072      3.20%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77664      3.14%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21168      0.86%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88853      3.59%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6904      0.28%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4962      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12256      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2473172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1075343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1263687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               480207                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              315327                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           166889                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1123736                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        12256                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3873625                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2850550                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 44916                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                206833                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1075343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1263687                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1075343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.515582                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.515582                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.397522                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.397522                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6602671                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1555354                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1681321                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         200801                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164606                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21472                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80860                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76127                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20320                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          943                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1920462                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1147519                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            200801                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        96447                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              250742                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       190431                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          120033                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21297                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2401738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.925716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2150996     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          26608      1.11%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          30909      1.29%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          16898      0.70%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          19183      0.80%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11061      0.46%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7533      0.31%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          19709      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         118841      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2401738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.074230                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.424204                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1904678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       206792                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          248528                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1980                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39755                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        32491                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1400569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39755                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1908135                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         21608                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       176422                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          247016                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8797                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1398652                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1946242                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6510957                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6510957                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1626277                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         319956                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          361                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           26114                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       134393                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        71738                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1683                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15752                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1394296                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1307470                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195372                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456587                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2401738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1852342     77.13%     77.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       219994      9.16%     86.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118946      4.95%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82267      3.43%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72046      3.00%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36812      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9124      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5861      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4346      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2401738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.73%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1391     46.20%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1297     43.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1095034     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20391      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120812      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71075      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1307470                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.483333                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3011                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002303                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5021596                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1590066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1283051                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1310481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3121                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26815                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           77                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39755                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         17413                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1394658                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134393                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71738                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11801                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12535                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24336                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1285963                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112842                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             183879                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         178994                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            71037                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.475382                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1283143                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1283051                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          763801                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2003422                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.474306                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       954784                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1171240                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21433                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2361983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1883252     79.73%     79.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222172      9.41%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93448      3.96%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55266      2.34%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38501      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25129      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13319      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10357      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20539      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2361983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       954784                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1171240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               177152                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              107578                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           167610                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1055938                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23824                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        20539                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3736112                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2829093                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 31403                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                303375                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            954784                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1171240                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       954784                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.833220                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.833220                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.352955                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.352955                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5798130                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1784461                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1304378                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         233947                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       194916                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23027                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90834                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83220                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24624                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2025144                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1282610                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            233947                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       107844                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              266379                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         65183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       175481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          127471                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21976                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2514301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2247922     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          16150      0.64%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20380      0.81%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          32650      1.30%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13294      0.53%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          17368      0.69%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          20136      0.80%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9492      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         136909      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2514301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086483                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.474143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2018620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       188723                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          265070                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        41723                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        35305                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1566940                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        41723                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2021128                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          6396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       176248                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          262683                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6117                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1556938                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2175596                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7235042                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7235042                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1783412                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         392157                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           22514                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       147430                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        75063                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        17008                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1518020                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1444309                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2036                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       436940                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2514301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1903821     75.72%     75.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277433     11.03%     86.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113755      4.52%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64470      2.56%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85789      3.41%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27378      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26792      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13746      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1117      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2514301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10172     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1421     11.01%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1310     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1217031     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19470      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132887      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74744      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1444309                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.533918                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12903                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5417857                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1725026                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1404304                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1457212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31502                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        41723                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1518395                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147430                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75063                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12923                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13287                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        26210                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1417552                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130105                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26756                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             204825                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         199840                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            74720                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.524027                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1404338                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1404304                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          840957                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2261568                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.519130                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371847                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1037402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1278206                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240180                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        23012                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2472578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1931171     78.10%     78.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       274801     11.11%     89.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99524      4.03%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49367      2.00%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45240      1.83%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19152      0.77%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19000      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9048      0.37%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25275      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2472578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1037402                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1278206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               189570                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              115928                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           185233                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1150818                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        26376                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        25275                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3965676                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3078517                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 32863                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                190812                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1037402                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1278206                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1037402                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.607584                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.607584                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.383497                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.383497                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6375592                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1964860                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1447126                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.649811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         119300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        54.425182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.649811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.748340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    60.100664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1936.150996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.029346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.945386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      173157899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          52196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        23.157054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.432604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.744601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    97.479584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1903.343212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.047597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.929367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   298                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11339313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152129693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163469006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11339313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152129693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      163469006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11339313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152129693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     163469006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.408730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 755954.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 796490.539267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793538.864078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 755954.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 796490.539267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793538.864078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 755954.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 796490.539267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793538.864078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10021458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    135357152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145378610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10021458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    135357152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145378610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10021458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    135357152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145378610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 668097.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 708676.188482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705721.407767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 668097.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 708676.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705721.407767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 668097.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 708676.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705721.407767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          52196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        23.157054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.434335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.735736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    97.124160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1903.705769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.047424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.929544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   298                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12050605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    148330221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     160380826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12050605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    148330221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      160380826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12050605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    148330221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     160380826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.408730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 803373.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 776598.015707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 778547.699029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 803373.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 776598.015707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 778547.699029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 803373.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 776598.015707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 778547.699029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10733605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    131560421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142294026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10733605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    131560421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142294026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10733605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    131560421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142294026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 715573.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 688798.015707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690747.699029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 715573.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 688798.015707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690747.699029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 715573.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 688798.015707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690747.699029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.713366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.713366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.035996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    43.515831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1949.448173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.005877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.021248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.951879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90454671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     70959110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     161413781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90454671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     70959110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      161413781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90454671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     70959110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     161413781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3479025.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825105.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1441194.473214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3479025.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825105.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1441194.473214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3479025.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825105.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1441194.473214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88171871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     63405984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151577855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88171871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     63405984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151577855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88171871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     63405984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151577855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3391225.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737278.883721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1353373.705357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3391225.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737278.883721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1353373.705357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3391225.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737278.883721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1353373.705357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.696787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          95.013148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.726897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    63.312157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1875.644585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.030914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.915842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11775477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    134501641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     146277118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11775477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    134501641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      146277118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11775477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    134501641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     146277118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 841105.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 896677.606667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891933.646341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 841105.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 896677.606667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 891933.646341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 841105.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 896677.606667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 891933.646341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10544343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    121326938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131871281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10544343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    121326938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131871281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10544343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    121326938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131871281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 753167.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 808846.253333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 804093.176829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 753167.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 808846.253333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 804093.176829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 753167.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 808846.253333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 804093.176829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          559                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2044.329991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          87165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        33.473502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks         134.085043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    16.432247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.516566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1658.296135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.114510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.809715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.998208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          314                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   315                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          534                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 561                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66287287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    523018888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     589306175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     45200969                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     45200969                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66287287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    568219857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      634507144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66287287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    568219857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     634507144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.610973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.622892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.629717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.640411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.629717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.640411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2455084.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1067385.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1139857.205029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1027294.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1027294.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2455084.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1064082.129213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1131028.777184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2455084.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1064082.129213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1131028.777184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                321                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     321                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63916687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    480172488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544089175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41337769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41337769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63916687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    521510257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    585426944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63916687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    521510257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585426944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.610973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.629717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.629717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2367284.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 979943.853061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1052396.856867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 939494.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 939494.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2367284.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 976610.968165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1043541.789661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2367284.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 976610.968165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1043541.789661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.696148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.993523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.731481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    63.577430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1875.393714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.031044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.915720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14422449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132398466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     146820915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14422449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132398466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      146820915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14422449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132398466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     146820915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1030174.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 882656.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895249.481707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1030174.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 882656.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895249.481707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1030174.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 882656.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895249.481707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13193249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    119222830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132416079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13193249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    119222830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132416079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13193249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    119222830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132416079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 942374.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 794818.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807415.115854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 942374.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 794818.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807415.115854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 942374.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 794818.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807415.115854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          52197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        23.157498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.434524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.741882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    97.078509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1903.745085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.047402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.929563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10662768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152909946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163572714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10662768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152909946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      163572714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10662768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152909946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     163572714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 710851.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 800575.633508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794042.300971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 710851.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 800575.633508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 794042.300971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 710851.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 800575.633508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 794042.300971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9345768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    136136786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145482554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9345768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    136136786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145482554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9345768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    136136786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145482554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 623051.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712758.041885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706225.990291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 623051.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712758.041885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706225.990291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 623051.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712758.041885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706225.990291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         114052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        49.202761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.272447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   117.157937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1911.569616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.057206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.933384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          475                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   475                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13901697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    247452875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     261354572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13901697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    247452875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      261354572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13901697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    247452875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     261354572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 992978.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 966612.792969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 967979.896296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 992978.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 966612.792969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 967979.896296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 992978.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 966612.792969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 967979.896296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12672497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    224975521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    237648018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12672497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    224975521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    237648018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12672497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    224975521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    237648018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 905178.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 878810.628906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880177.844444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 905178.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 878810.628906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880177.844444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 905178.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 878810.628906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880177.844444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          142                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2046.636387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         119299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        54.474429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.636387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.869946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    58.995706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1937.134347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.028806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.945866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   285                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 142                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56292949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93419655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     149712604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56292949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93419655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      149712604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56292949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93419655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     149712604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.290404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.288221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.288221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2084924.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 812344.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1054314.112676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2084924.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 812344.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1054314.112676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2084924.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 812344.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1054314.112676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     53911099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83270643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137181742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     53911099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83270643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    137181742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     53911099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83270643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    137181742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.290404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.288221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.288221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1996707.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 724092.547826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966068.605634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1996707.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 724092.547826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966068.605634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1996707.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 724092.547826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966068.605634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          52196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        23.157054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.433491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.743856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    97.307254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1903.515399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.047513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.929451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   298                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11128012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    149303835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     160431847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11128012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    149303835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      160431847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11128012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    149303835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     160431847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.408730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 741867.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781695.471204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 778795.373786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 741867.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781695.471204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 778795.373786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 741867.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781695.471204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 778795.373786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9811012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    132534035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142345047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9811012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    132534035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142345047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9811012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    132534035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142345047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 654067.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693895.471204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690995.373786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 654067.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693895.471204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690995.373786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 654067.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693895.471204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690995.373786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          570                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2044.793465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          87177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        33.337285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.082902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    15.922046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   238.925776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1655.862742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.064982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.007774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.116663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.808527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.998434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            378                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 378                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          317                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   318                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          546                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 571                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56339885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    530396035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     586735920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     44678981                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     44678981                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56339885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    575075016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      631414901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56339885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    575075016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     631414901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          378                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             378                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.616322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.626919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.632677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.642295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.632677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.642295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2253595.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1048213.507905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1104964.067797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1116974.525000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1116974.525000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2253595.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1053250.945055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1105805.430823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2253595.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1053250.945055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1105805.430823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                327                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     327                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     54144030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    485946047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    540090077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     41164447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41164447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     54144030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    527110494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    581254524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     54144030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    527110494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    581254524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.616322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.632677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.632677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2165761.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 960367.681818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017118.789077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1029111.175000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1029111.175000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2165761.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 965403.835165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017958.886165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2165761.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 965403.835165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017958.886165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.710600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.710600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.055617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    43.623721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1949.320661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.021301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.951817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     90801978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68503622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     159305600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     90801978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68503622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      159305600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     90801978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68503622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     159305600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3492383.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 796553.744186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1422371.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3492383.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 796553.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1422371.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3492383.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 796553.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1422371.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88519178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60952822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88519178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60952822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88519178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60952822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149472000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3404583.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 708753.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1334571.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3404583.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 708753.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1334571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3404583.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 708753.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1334571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.284768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   117.143146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1911.572086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.057199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.933385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12984490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    243399259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     256383749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12984490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    243399259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      256383749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12984490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    243399259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     256383749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 927463.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 950778.355469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949569.440741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 927463.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 950778.355469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949569.440741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 927463.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 950778.355469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949569.440741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11754850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    220918534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232673384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11754850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    220918534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232673384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11754850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    220918534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232673384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 839632.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862963.023438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861753.274074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 839632.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862963.023438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861753.274074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 839632.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862963.023438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861753.274074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.695856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          95.010296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.733509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    63.287663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1875.664389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.030902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.915852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12491222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    134727777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     147218999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12491222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    134727777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      147218999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12491222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    134727777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     147218999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 892230.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 898185.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 897676.823171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 892230.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 898185.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 897676.823171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 892230.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 898185.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 897676.823171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11262022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121555146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132817168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11262022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121555146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132817168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11262022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121555146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132817168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 804430.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 810367.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809860.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 804430.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 810367.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809860.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 804430.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 810367.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809860.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.714239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.714239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.018273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    43.465684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1949.516043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.005868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.021223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.951912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96099846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74356415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     170456261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96099846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74356415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      170456261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96099846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74356415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     170456261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3696147.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 864609.476744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1521930.901786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3696147.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 864609.476744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1521930.901786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3696147.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 864609.476744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1521930.901786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93816456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     66802788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160619244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93816456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     66802788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160619244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93816456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     66802788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160619244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3608325.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 776776.604651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1434100.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3608325.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 776776.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1434100.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3608325.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 776776.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1434100.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.003512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488357.920635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.003512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             172484.716895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.557979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.442021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.560773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.439227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              539.743432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              647136936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1196186.573013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.743432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         119864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        119864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14084886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14084886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14084886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14084886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14084886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14084886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       119882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       119882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 782493.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 782493.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 782493.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 782493.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 782493.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 782493.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11464142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11464142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11464142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11464142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11464142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11464142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 764276.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764276.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 764276.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764276.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 764276.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764276.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151380870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             203195.798658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   130.240420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   125.759580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.508752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.491248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       169017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       204082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         204082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       204082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        204082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    829525296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    829525296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    829525296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    829525296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    829525296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    829525296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       170820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        35065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       205885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       205885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 460080.585691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 460080.585691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 460080.585691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 460080.585691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 460080.585691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 460080.585691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173213822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173213822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173213822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    173213822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173213822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    173213822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 354220.494888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354220.494888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 354220.494888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354220.494888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 354220.494888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354220.494888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              539.734568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              647136935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1196186.571165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.734568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         119863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        119863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13549613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13549613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13549613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13549613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13549613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13549613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       119881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       119881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 752756.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 752756.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 752756.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 752756.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 752756.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 752756.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12175718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12175718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12175718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12175718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12175718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12175718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 811714.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811714.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 811714.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811714.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 811714.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811714.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              151380867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             203195.794631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   129.955522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   126.044478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.507639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.492361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       169014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       204079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         204079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       204079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        204079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    830348871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    830348871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    830348871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    830348871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    830348871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    830348871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       170818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        35065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       205883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       205883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460282.079268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 460282.079268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460282.079268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 460282.079268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460282.079268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 460282.079268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    169419252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169419252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    169419252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169419252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    169419252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169419252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 346460.638037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346460.638037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 346460.638037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346460.638037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 346460.638037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346460.638037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              467.318628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              753577298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1560201.445135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.318628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.019741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         127957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        127957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127182734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    127182734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127182734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    127182734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127182734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    127182734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       127997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       127997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3179568.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3179568.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3179568.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3179568.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3179568.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3179568.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2844928                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 474154.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90815754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90815754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90815754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90815754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90815754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90815754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3243419.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3243419.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3243419.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3243419.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3243419.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3243419.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              109423813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             167570.923430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   142.451797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   113.548203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.556452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.443548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       100141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        73572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       173713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         173713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       173713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        173713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    221646994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221646994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       565088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       565088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    222212082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222212082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    222212082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222212082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       101162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       174741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       174741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 217088.142997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 217088.142997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 80726.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80726.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 216159.612840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 216159.612840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 216159.612840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 216159.612840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     91750012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91750012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     91878212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91878212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     91878212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91878212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 232278.511392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232278.511392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 231431.264484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231431.264484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 231431.264484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231431.264484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.725806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750703862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1513515.850806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.725806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.021996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         120132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        120132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13787939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13787939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13787939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13787939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13787939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13787939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       120151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       120151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       725681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       725681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       725681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       725681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       725681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       725681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11892309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11892309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11892309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11892309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11892309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11892309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 849450.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849450.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 849450.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849450.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 849450.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849450.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              118284534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             161811.948016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   159.472135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    96.527865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.622938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.377062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        82886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        69265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       152151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         152151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       152151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        152151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    678331244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    678331244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     46913975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46913975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    725245219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    725245219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    725245219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    725245219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        84514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        69332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       153846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       153846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.019263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 416665.383292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 416665.383292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 700208.582090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 700208.582090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427873.285546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427873.285546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427873.285546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427873.285546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858775                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858775                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156977749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156977749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156977749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156977749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156977749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156977749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330479.471579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330479.471579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330479.471579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330479.471579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330479.471579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330479.471579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              507.174020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753861506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1455331.092664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.174020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.027522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst        90369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst        90369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total          90369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst        90369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total         90369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101753131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101753131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101753131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101753131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101753131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101753131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst        90413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst        90413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total        90413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst        90413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total        90413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2312571.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2312571.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2312571.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2312571.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2312571.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2312571.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731356                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731356                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66577988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66577988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66577988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66577988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66577988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66577988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2377785.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2377785.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2377785.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2377785.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2377785.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2377785.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  846                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              125584531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             113960.554446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   176.573806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    79.426194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.689741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.310259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        68396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        54329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       122725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         122725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       122725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        122725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1321274089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1321274089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    413950144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    413950144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1735224233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1735224233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1735224233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1735224233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        70423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       125162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       125162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.028783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.007490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 651837.241737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 651837.241737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1009634.497561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1009634.497561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 712032.922856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 712032.922856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 712032.922856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 712032.922856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    548225278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    548225278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     45694369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45694369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    593919647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    593919647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    593919647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    593919647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 683572.665835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 683572.665835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 993355.847826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 993355.847826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 700376.942217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700376.942217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 700376.942217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700376.942217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.730391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750703936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs                  1513516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.730391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       120206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       120206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         120206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       120206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        120206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18516355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18516355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18516355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18516355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18516355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18516355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       120225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       120225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       120225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       120225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       120225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       974545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       974545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       974545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       974545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       974545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       974545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14539059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14539059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14539059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14539059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14539059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14539059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1038504.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1038504.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1038504.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1038504.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1038504.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1038504.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              118284802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             161812.314637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   159.460656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    96.539344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.622893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.377107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        83025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         83025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        69394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       152419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         152419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       152419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        152419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    647279691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    647279691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     22131335                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22131335                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    669411026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    669411026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    669411026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    669411026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        84653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       154098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       154098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 397591.947789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 397591.947789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 433947.745098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433947.745098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 398696.263252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 398696.263252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 398696.263252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 398696.263252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    154870529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154870529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    154870529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154870529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    154870529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154870529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 326043.218947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326043.218947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 326043.218947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326043.218947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 326043.218947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326043.218947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              539.740714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              647136669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1196186.079482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.740714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         119597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        119597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12391085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12391085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12391085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12391085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12391085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12391085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       119615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       119615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 688393.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 688393.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 688393.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 688393.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 688393.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 688393.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10787984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10787984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10787984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10787984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10787984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10787984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 719198.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719198.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 719198.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719198.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 719198.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719198.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              151380296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             202922.648794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   130.121297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   125.878703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.508286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.491714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       168658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        168658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        34850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       203508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         203508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       203508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        203508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    844909412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    844909412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    844909412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    844909412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    844909412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    844909412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       170448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        34850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       205298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       205298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 472016.431285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 472016.431285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 472016.431285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 472016.431285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 472016.431285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 472016.431285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    174065572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174065572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    174065572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    174065572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    174065572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    174065572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 355235.861224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355235.861224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 355235.861224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355235.861224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 355235.861224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355235.861224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              556.271358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              769302361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1381153.251346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.271358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.021268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         117644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        117644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     19054853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19054853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     19054853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19054853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     19054853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19054853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       117665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       117665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 907373.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 907373.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 907373.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 907373.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 907373.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 907373.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14017897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14017897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14017897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14017897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14017897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14017897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1001278.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001278.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1001278.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001278.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1001278.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001278.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  731                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              289544873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             293358.533941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   100.787165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   155.212835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.393700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.606300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       301018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        301018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       164410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       465428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         465428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       465428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        465428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1077883500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1077883500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1077883500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1077883500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1077883500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1077883500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       303646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       303646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       164410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       468056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       468056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       468056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       468056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 410153.538813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 410153.538813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 410153.538813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 410153.538813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 410153.538813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 410153.538813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1897                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1897                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    282183318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    282183318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    282183318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    282183318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    282183318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    282183318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 386023.690834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 386023.690834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 386023.690834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 386023.690834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 386023.690834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 386023.690834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              497.497913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750133231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1491318.550696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.497913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.036054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.797272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         125267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        125267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63936089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63936089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63936089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63936089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63936089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63936089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       125308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       125308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1559416.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1559416.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1559416.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1559416.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1559416.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1559416.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       257316                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       257316                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56586025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56586025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56586025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56586025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56586025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56586025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2020929.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2020929.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2020929.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2020929.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2020929.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2020929.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              113322619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             173011.632061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   143.468450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   112.531550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.560424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.439576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        84943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        70518                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70518                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         155461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        155461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    385153472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    385153472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1240826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1240826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    386394298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    386394298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    386394298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    386394298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        86207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        70534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.014662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 304710.025316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 304710.025316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77551.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77551.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 301870.545312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 301870.545312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 301870.545312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 301870.545312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    112666377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112666377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    112858677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112858677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    112858677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112858677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 284511.053030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284511.053030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 282853.827068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282853.827068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 282853.827068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282853.827068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              539.742689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              647137125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1196186.922366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.742689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.022024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         120053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        120053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12982959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12982959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12982959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12982959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12982959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12982959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       120072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       120072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 683313.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 683313.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 683313.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 683313.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 683313.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 683313.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11253136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11253136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11253136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11253136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11253136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11253136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 750209.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750209.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 750209.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750209.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 750209.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750209.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              151381097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             203196.103356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   130.111698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   125.888302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.508249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.491751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       169146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       204309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         204309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       204309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        204309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    823144878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    823144878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    823144878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    823144878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    823144878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    823144878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       170950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        35163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       206113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       206113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456288.735033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456288.735033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456288.735033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 456288.735033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456288.735033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 456288.735033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    170391086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170391086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    170391086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    170391086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    170391086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    170391086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 348448.028630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348448.028630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 348448.028630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348448.028630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 348448.028630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348448.028630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              506.676935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              753862096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1460973.054264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    16.676935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.026726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst        90959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst        90959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total          90959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst        90959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total         90959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77894023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77894023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77894023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77894023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77894023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77894023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst        90999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst        90999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total        90999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst        90999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total        90999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1947350.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1947350.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1947350.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1947350.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1947350.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1947350.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56613281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56613281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56613281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56613281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56613281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56613281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2177433.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2177433.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2177433.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2177433.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2177433.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2177433.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  863                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              125585288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             112229.926720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   176.819620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    79.180380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.690702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.309298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        68689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        54792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       123481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         123481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       123481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        123481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          395                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          395                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1338813781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1338813781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    400253481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    400253481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1739067262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1739067262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1739067262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1739067262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        70754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55187                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55187                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       125941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       125941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.029186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.007157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 648335.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648335.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1013299.951899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1013299.951899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 706937.911382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 706937.911382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 706937.911382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 706937.911382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    555957757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555957757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     45139181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45139181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    601096938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    601096938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    601096938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    601096938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000761                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000761                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 677171.445798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677171.445798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1074742.404762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1074742.404762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 696520.206257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696520.206257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 696520.206257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696520.206257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              467.341015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753577405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1560201.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.341015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         128064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        128064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126428020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126428020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126428020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126428020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126428020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126428020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       128102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       128102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3327053.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3327053.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3485018                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 580836.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91163258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91163258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91163258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91163258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91163258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91163258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3255830.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255830.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              109424004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             167571.215926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   142.677304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   113.322696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.557333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.442667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       100251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        73653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       173904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         173904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       173904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        173904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    214613942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214613942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       565067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       565067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    215179009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215179009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    215179009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215179009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       101272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        73660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       174932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       174932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 210199.747307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210199.747307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 80723.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80723.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 209318.102140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209318.102140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 209318.102140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209318.102140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89295670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89295670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89423870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89423870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89423870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89423870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226064.987342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226064.987342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225249.042821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225249.042821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225249.042821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225249.042821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              556.283678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              769302580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1381153.644524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.283678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         117863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        117863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18109613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18109613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18109613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18109613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18109613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18109613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       117884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       117884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 862362.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862362.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13100690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13100690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13100690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13100690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13100690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13100690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 935763.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935763.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              289545827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             293657.025355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   100.887546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   155.112454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.394092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.605908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       301662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        301662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       164720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       466382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         466382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       466382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        466382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1068543780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1068543780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1068543780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1068543780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1068543780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1068543780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       304292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       304292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       164720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       469012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       469012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       469012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       469012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 406290.410646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 406290.410646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278073397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278073397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278073397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    278073397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278073397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    278073397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 380922.461644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380922.461644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              495.732419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750703744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1513515.612903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.732419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.022007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         120014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        120014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14635630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14635630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14635630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14635630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14635630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14635630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       120033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       120033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 770296.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 770296.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 770296.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 770296.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 770296.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 770296.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12608011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12608011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12608011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12608011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12608011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12608011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 900572.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900572.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 900572.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900572.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 900572.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900572.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              118284334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             161811.674419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   159.405449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    96.594551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.622678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.377322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        82786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        69165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       151951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         151951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       151951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        151951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    694534658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    694534658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     70006645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70006645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    764541303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    764541303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    764541303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    764541303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        84414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       153646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       153646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000968                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000968                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 426618.340295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426618.340295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1044875.298507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1044875.298507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451056.815929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451056.815929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451056.815929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451056.815929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       890542                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       890542                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    157203420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157203420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    157203420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157203420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    157203420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157203420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 330954.568421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330954.568421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 330954.568421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330954.568421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 330954.568421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330954.568421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              467.299554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753576772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1560200.356108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.299554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.019711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       127431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       127431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         127431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       127431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        127431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    141529459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141529459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    141529459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    141529459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    141529459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    141529459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       127469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       127469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       127469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       127469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       127469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3724459.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3724459.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3724459.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3724459.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3724459.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3724459.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4100808                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 820161.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96460869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96460869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96460869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96460869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96460869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96460869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3445031.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3445031.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3445031.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3445031.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3445031.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3445031.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              109423110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             167569.846861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   142.459199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   113.540801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.556481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.443519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        99741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        73269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       173010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         173010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       173010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        173010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    228278041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    228278041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       564668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       564668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    228842709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    228842709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    228842709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    228842709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       100762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        73276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       174038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       174038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 223582.802155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223582.802155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 80666.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80666.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 222609.639105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222609.639105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 222609.639105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222609.639105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     95150077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95150077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     95278277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95278277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     95278277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95278277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 240886.270886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240886.270886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239995.659950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239995.659950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239995.659950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239995.659950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
